{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f53\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f54\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f56\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f57\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f58\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f59\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f60\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f61\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f63\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f70\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f71\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f63\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f70\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f71\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f443\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f444\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f446\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f447\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f448\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f449\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f450\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f451\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid7154778\rsid13719550\rsid14839726}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator Uddin, Md Nahiyan}
{\creatim\yr2024\mo11\dy14\hr11\min35}{\revtim\yr2024\mo11\dy15\hr1\min39}{\version2}{\edmins92}{\nofpages22}{\nofwords8079}{\nofchars46055}{\nofcharsws54026}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\rsidroot14839726 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid14839726 \rtlch\fcs1 
\af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid14839726 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Question: How do most states define critical infrastructure in the context of cybersecurity?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid14839726 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid14839726 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Response:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to Illinois Compiled Statutes Annotated, Chapter 20 Executive Branch, Department of Innovation and Technology (\'a7\'a7\loch\f31506  1370/1-1 \hich\f31506 \emdash \loch\f31506 
 1375/99-99), specifically in the legislation code 20 ILCS 1375/5 -15, most states define critical infrastructure in the \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 c\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ontext of cybersecurity as follows:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 In paragraph (10), it is stated that the Office of the Statewide Chief Information Security Officer develops and executes other strategies as necessary to protect the State\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 
s information technology infrastructure and the\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  data stored on or transmitted by such infrastructure.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Government\\20 ILCS 1375_5-15.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Government\\20 ILCS 1375_5-15.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 According t\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 o ALM GL ch. 40J, \'a7\loch\f31506  6J - Massachusetts Cybersecurity Center:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Most states define critical infrastructure in the context of cybersecurity as organizations across the commonwealth, particularly municipalities, small businesses, and non-profits, without access
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  to affordable resources to defend against cybersecurity threats and to maintain cyber resiliency. 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Government\\ALM GL ch. 40J, _ 6J.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mass\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 achusetts\\Government\\
ALM GL ch. 40J, _ 6J.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Government\\ALM GL ch. 40J, _ 4H.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Government\\ALM GL ch. 40J, _ 4H.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3) <a href= "\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 2.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\
ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 2.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 4) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 93\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 H, _ 1.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\
ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 1.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 5) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 3.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\B\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 usiness\\
ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 3.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 6) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Government\\ALM GL ch. 7D, _ 7.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Government\\ALM GL ch. 7D, _ 7.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 7) <a href= "static/Current Cyb\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Government\\ALM GL ch. 12C, _ 2A.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Government\\
ALM GL ch. 12C, _ 2A.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 8) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Government\\ALM GL ch. 40J, _ 4G.pd\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 f" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Government\\
ALM GL ch. 40J, _ 4G.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to 18 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f31506  2070:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Critical infrastructure is not explicitly defined in the context of cybersecurity legislation in most states. However, it is\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 essential for covered entities to have a cybersecurity program that includes safeguards for both personal information and restricted information in order to protect against threats and maintain information security.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Curren\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 t Cybersecurity Law\\Oklahoma\\Hospital Cybersecurity Protection Act\\\hich\f31506 18 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f31506 
 2070.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oklahoma\\Hospital Cybersecurity Protection Act\\\hich\f31506 18 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f31506  2070.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to Michie's\'99\loch\f31506  Hawaii Revised Statutes An\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 notated Chapter 128B Cybersecurity (\'a7\loch\f31506 
 128B -1), critical infrastructure in the context of cybersecurity is defined as the State's critical infrastructure network and resiliency, including identifying interdependencies of critical infrastructures, points o
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 f\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 connection between critical infrastructures, the most critical nodes, and the cascading effects of a cyber-attack on these points of connection between critical infrastructure.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Communicatio\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ns\\HRS _ 128B-1.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Communications\\HRS _ 128B-1.pdf</a>

\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Insruance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-203.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawai\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 i\\
Insruance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-203.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to legislation code \'a7\loch\f31506 
 417.453 R.S.Mo., critical infrastructure is not explicitly defined within the context of cybersecurity. The focus of the legislation is on defining terms related to trad\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
e secrets, misappropriation, and related legal concepts. 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Missouri\\Trade Secrets Act\\_ 417.453. Definitions.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Missouri\\Trade Secrets Act\\_ 417.453. Definitions.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to Burns Ind. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  1-1-16-9:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Critical \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
infrastructure is defined in most states as the systems and assets that are so vital to the state that their disruption, incapacity, or destruction would have a debilitating effect on security, economic security, public health or safety, or any combinatio
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 n\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  thereof. This includes physical or virtual assets, systems, networks, and functions essential to the overall functioning of a jurisdiction.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Civil Law\\Burns Ind. Code Ann. _ 1-1-16-9.pdf" t\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 arget="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Civil Law\\
Burns Ind. Code Ann. _ 1-1-16-9.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Insurance\\Burns Ind. Code Ann. _ 27-2-27-18.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Insu\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 rance\\
Burns Ind. Code Ann. _ 27-2-27-18.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Consumer Protection\\Burns Ind. Code Ann. _ 4-13.1-1-1.5.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Consumer Protection\\Burns Ind. Code Ann. _ 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 4-13.1-1-1.5.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 4) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Utilities\\Burns Ind. Code Ann. _ 5-1.2-14.5-7.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Utilities\\Burns Ind. Code Ann. _ 5-1.2-14.5-7.pdf</a>

\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 According to Legislation c\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 ode N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f31506  52:17B -193.2:
\par \loch\af31506\dbch\af31505\hich\f31506 \'93\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 Critical infrastructure\'94\loch\f31506 
 means systems and assets, whether physical or virtual, so vital to the State of New Jersey that the incapacity or destruction of such systems and assets would have a debilitating impact on security,\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 economic security, public health or safety, or any combination of those matters.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Government\\\hich\f31506 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f31506  52_17B-193.2.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Governmen
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 t\\\hich\f31506 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f31506  52_17B-193.2.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Utilities\\\hich\f31506 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f31506  58_31-2.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Utilities\\\hich\f31506 N.J. Stat. 
\'a7\loch\f31506  58_31-2.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3) <a href= "static/Current Cyberse\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 curity Law\\New Jersey\\Utilities\\\hich\f31506 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f31506  58_31-4.1.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\
New Jersey\\Utilities\\\hich\f31506 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f31506  58_31-4.1.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 4) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Utilities\\\hich\f31506 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f31506  58_31-4.pdf" target="_\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\
New Jersey\\Utilities\\\hich\f31506 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f31506  58_31-4.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 5) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Utilities\\\hich\f31506 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f31506  58_31-4.2.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Utilities\\\hich\f31506 
N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f31506  58\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 _31-4.2.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 6) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Government\\\hich\f31506 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f31506  52_17B-193.3.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Government\\\hich\f31506 
N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f31506  52_17B-193.3.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 7) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity L\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 aw\\New Jersey\\Government\\\hich\f31506 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f31506  52_17B-193.4.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\
New Jersey\\Government\\\hich\f31506 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f31506  52_17B-193.4.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 8) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\National Defense\\\hich\f31506 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f31506  App.A_9-43.1.pd\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
f" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\National Defense\\\hich\f31506 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f31506  App.A_9-43.1.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Michigan:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 No documents found on this state.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f31506  143B -1320, in the context of cybersecurity, "critical infrastructure" is \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
defined in relation to a significant cybersecurity incident that is likely to result in demonstrable harm to the State's security interests, economy, critical infrastructure, or to the public confidence, civil liberties, or public health and safety of the
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
residents of North Carolina. Factors that determine a significant cybersecurity incident include incidents involving information that is not recoverable within specific time frames required to meet operational commitments, incidents that have a high or me
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 d\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ium functional impact on the mission of an agency, and incidents that involve the exfiltration, modification, deletion, or unauthorized access to information or systems within certain parameters. Additionally, incidents that meet specific thresholds ident
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 i\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
fied jointly with the Department of Public Safety and involve information that is restricted or highly restricted according to Statewide Data Classification and Handling Policy are also considered significant cybersecurity incidents.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a hre\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 f= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\Information Technology\\\hich\f31506 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f31506 
 143B-1320.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\Information Technology\\\hich\f31506 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f31506  143B-1320.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "static/Current Cybe\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 rsecurity Law\\North Carolina\\Information Technology\\\hich\f31506 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f31506 
 143B-1379.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\Information Technology\\\hich\f31506 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f31506  143B-1379.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to South Carolina Code of Laws Annotated by LexisNexis\'ae\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506  in \'a7\loch\f31506 
 38-99-20, most states define critical infrastructure in the context of cybersecurity as information security program being designed to protect the security and confidentiality of nonpu\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 b
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
lic information and the security of the information system, protect against threats or hazards to the security or integrity of nonpublic information and the information system, protect against unauthorized access to or use of nonpublic information, and mi
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 n\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
imize the likelihood of harm to a consumer. Additionally, the information security program must periodically reevaluate a schedule for retention of nonpublic information and a mechanism for its destruction when no longer needed.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "s\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 tatic/Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f31506 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  38-99-20.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\
South Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f31506 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  38-99-20.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\Insura\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 nce\\\hich\f31506 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  38-99-10.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\
South Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f31506 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  38-99-10.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f31506 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  38-99-40.pdf" target="_blank">Cu\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 rrent Cybersecurity Law\\
South Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f31506 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  38-99-40.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 4) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f31506 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  38-99-20.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\Insurance\\S.C.
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506  Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  38-99-20.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 5) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f31506 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  38-99-20.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\Insurance\\
\hich\f31506 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  38-99-20.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 According to N.M. Stat.\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506  Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  71-11-1:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Critical infrastructure is defined as improvements to electric distribution or transmission infrastructure, including related data analytics equipment, designed to accommodate or facilitate the integration of renewable electric generation 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
resources with the electric distribution grid or to enhance electric distribution or transmission grid reliability, security, demand response capability, customer service, or energy efficiency. This includes cybersecurity measures among other components.

\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Utilities\\\hich\f31506 N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  71-11-1.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Utilities\\\hich\f31506 
N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  71-11-1.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\New\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Mexico\\Information Technology\\\hich\f31506 N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506 
 9-27A-3.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Information Technology\\\hich\f31506 N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  9-27A-3.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Information Technology\\N.M.\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506  Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506 
 9-27A-2.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Information Technology\\\hich\f31506 N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  9-27A-2.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 4) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Information Technology\\\hich\f31506 N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  9-27-3.pdf" target="_\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Information Technology\\\hich\f31506 N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  9-27-3.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 5) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Information Technology\\\hich\f31506 N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  9-27A-5.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\New
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Mexico\\Information Technology\\\hich\f31506 N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  9-27A-5.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to S.D. Codified Laws \'a7\loch\f31506 
 1-25-2, critical infrastructure in the context of cybersecurity is defined as any blueprint, building plan, or infrastructure record regarding any building o\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
r facility that would expose or create vulnerability through disclosure of the location, configuration, or security of critical systems of the building or facility. This definition is specified within the category of information pertaining to the protecti
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 o\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 n of public or private property and any person on or within public or private property.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Dakota\\Government\\\hich\f31506 S.D. Codified Laws \'a7\loch\f31506  1-25-2.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Dako
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ta\\Government\\\hich\f31506 S.D. Codified Laws \'a7\loch\f31506  1-25-2.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Dakota\\Criminal\\\hich\f31506 S.D. Codified Laws \'a7\loch\f31506  43-43B-1.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Dakota\\Criminal\\\hich\f31506 
S.D. Codified Laws \'a7\loch\f31506  43-43B-1.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 A\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 ccording to Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f31506  43.105.450:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 In the context of cybersecurity, most states define critical infrastructure as the state's information technology systems and infrastructure that transact, store, or process confidential information. This in
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
cludes the establishment of security standards and policies, a centralized cybersecurity protocol, incident response planning, and ensuring the continuity of state business operations in the event of a security incident. Additionally, collaboration with s
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 t\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ate agencies and the development of information technology security programs consistent with cybersecurity standards and policies are emphasized.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f31506 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f31506  43.1\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
05.450.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f31506 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f31506  43.105.450.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f31506 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f31506  43.105.450(2).pdf" target="_blank">Current \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f31506 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f31506  43.105.450(2).pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  63C-27-101, in the context of cybersecurity, "critical infrastructure" is defined as including the following sectors identified by the Unit
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ed States Department of Homeland Security as critical:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (a) chemical;
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (b) commercial facilities;
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (c) communications;
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (d) critical manufacturing;
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (e) dams;
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (f) defense industrial base;
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (g) emergency services;
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (h) energy;
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (i) financial services;
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (j) food and agriculture;
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (k) government facilities;
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (l) healthcare and public health;
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (m) information technology;
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (n) nuclear reactors, nuclear materials, and nuclear waste;
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (o) transportation systems; and
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (p) water and wastewater systems.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1)\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f31506 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  63C-27-101.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\
Government\\\hich\f31506 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  63C-27-101.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Criminal\\Utah Code\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506  Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  76-6-703.5.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\
Criminal\\\hich\f31506 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  76-6-703.5.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f31506 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  63A-16-214.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Uta\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 h\\
Government\\\hich\f31506 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  63A-16-214.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to K.S.A. \'a7\loch\f31506  75-7240:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1. Critical infrastructure in the context of cybersecurity is defined by most states as:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506    - Locations of data may include agency sites, agency real property, infrastructure i\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 n state data centers, third-party locations, and in transit between locations.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\K.S.A. _ 75-7240.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\K.S.A. _ 75-7240.p\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 df</a>

\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to Alaska Stat. \'a7\loch\f31506 
 45.50.940, most states define critical infrastructure in the context of cybersecurity by considering "improper means" which includes theft, bribery, misrepresentation, breach or inducement of a breach of a duty to maintai
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
n secrecy, or espionage through electronic or other means; and "misappropriation" as the acquisition or disclosure of trade secrets without proper consent and knowledge. A "trade secret" is information that derives independent economic value from not bein
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 g\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  generally known and efforts are made to maintain its secrecy.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Alaska\\Trade Secrets Act\\Sec. 45.50.940. Definitions.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Alaska\\Trade Secrets Act\\Sec. 45.50.940. Definitions.pdf</a>

\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  2.2-3705.2:
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 5. Info\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
rmation contained in (i) engineering, architectural, or construction drawings; (ii) operational, procedural, tactical planning, or training manuals; (iii) staff meeting minutes; or (iv) other records that reveal any of the following, the disclosure of whi
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 c\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
h would jeopardize the safety or security of any person; governmental facility, building, or structure or persons using such facility, building, or structure; or public or private commercial office, multifamily residential, or retail building or its occup
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 a\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 nts:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
a. Critical infrastructure information or the location or operation of security equipment and systems of any public building, structure, or information storage facility, including ventilation systems, fire protection equipment, mandatory building emer
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 gency equipment or systems, elevators, electrical systems, telecommunications equipment and systems, or utility equipment and systems; 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f31506 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  2.2-3705.2.pdf" target="_\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f31506 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  2.2-3705.2.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Insurance\\\hich\f31506 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  38.2-623.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Insurance\\Va. Code Ann
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 . \'a7\loch\f31506  38.2-623.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  3.5-2A.04:
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 In the context of cybersecurity, most states define critical infrastructure as systems, assets, and functions so vital that their destruction, incapacitation, or ex\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ploitation could have a debilitating impact on national security, economic security, public health or safety, or any combination thereof.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Government\\Md. State Finance and Procurement Code \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Ann. _ 3.5-2A.04.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Maryland\\Government\\Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.5-2A.04.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 According to RSA 420 -P:4 Legislation: 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Most states define critical infrastructure in the context of cybers\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ecurity as systems and assets, whether physical or virtual, so vital to the state that the incapacity or destruction of such systems would have a debilitating impact on security, economic security, national public health or safety, or any combination of t
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 h\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ose matters. It also comprises facilities and networks that are essential for society to function effectively and vital to the nation's security, economic vitality, and way of life.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\I\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 nsurance\\RSA 420-P_4.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\
RSA 420-P_4.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Government\\RSA 21-R_4-a.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Government\\
RSA 21-R_4-a.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Government\\RSA 31_103-b.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Government\\RSA 31_103-b.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 According to Nevada Revised Statutes Annotated\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506  \'a7\loch\f31506 
 480.900, in the context of cybersecurity, most states define critical infrastructure as any infrastructure that is critical to the health, safety, and welfare of the people, particularly in areas like transportation, health care, energy, education, law
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
enforcement, and commercial enterprises. This includes statewide cyberinfrastructure that is essential for the delivery of services to the public and the functioning of government to ensure the protection of the people's health, safety, and welfare. Prote
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 c\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ting and securing this critical infrastructure involves identifying vulnerable areas, eliminating threats, and having a strategic plan to respond to incidents that compromise information systems.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\N\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 evada\\Public Safety\\\hich\f31506 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  480.900.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law
\\Nevada\\Public Safety\\\hich\f31506 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  480.900.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Property\\\hich\f31506 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  116.310695.pd\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 f" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Nevada\\Property\\\hich\f31506 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  116.310695.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f31506 
 601.952, most states define critical infrastructure in the context of cybersecurity based on the concept of protecting against threats and hazards to the security and integrity of information systems and nonpublic information. Th
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 i\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
s includes implementing security measures such as access controls, encryption for data transmission, secure development practices for applications, and regular testing and monitoring of systems to detect and respond to cyber threats. Overall, critical inf
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 r\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 astructure is identified based on the need to mitigate identified threats and vulnerabilities to ensure the protection and security of information systems and data.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f31506 Wis. Stat. \'a7\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  601.952.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\
\hich\f31506 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f31506  601.952.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f31506 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f31506  601.954.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insuran
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ce\\\hich\f31506 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f31506  601.954.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to NY CLS Exec \'a7\loch\f31506  713:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 1. For the purposes of this article, the term \'93\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 critical infrastructure\'94\loch\f31506 
 has the meaning ascribed to that term in subdivision five of section eighty-six of the public officers law.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Government\\\hich\f31506 NY CLS Exec \'a7\loch\f31506  709.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Government\\\hich\f31506 NY CLS Exec \'a7
\loch\f31506  709.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Internet Security and P\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 rivacy Act\\_ 209. Notification o.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\
Internet Security and Privacy Act\\_ 209. Notification o.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Information Technology\\NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY L\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 AW \'a7\loch\f31506 
 103.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Information Technology\\\hich\f31506 NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f31506  103.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f31506  5A -6B-2:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 In the context of cybersecurity, most states define critical infrastructure as the networ\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ks that deliver the information - including the security, confidentiality, integrity, or availability of information assets and information systems.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f31506 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f31506  5A-6B-2.p\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 df" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\
West Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f31506 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f31506  5A-6B-2.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f31506 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f31506  5A-6B-4.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\G
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 overnment\\\hich\f31506 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f31506  5A-6B-4.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f31506 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f31506  5A-6B-3.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f31506 
W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f31506  5A-6B-3.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 4) <a href= "static/C\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 urrent Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f31506 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f31506  5A-6C-3.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\
West Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f31506 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f31506  5A-6C-3.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 5) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Government\\W. Va. Code\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506  \'a7\loch\f31506  5A-6B-1.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\
West Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f31506 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f31506  5A-6B-1.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 According to Legislation code: 30-14-1704, MCA:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 In the context of cybersecurity, most states define critical infrastructure as systems and asse\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ts, whether physical or virtual, so vital to a state that the incapacity or destruction of such systems and assets would have a debilitating impact on security, national economic security, national public health or safety, or any combination of those matt
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 rs.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Montana\\Identity Theft\\30-14-1704 Computer security breach.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Montana\\Identity Theft\\
30-14-1704 Computer security breach.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "static/\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Current Cybersecurity Law\\Montana\\Trade Secrets Act\\30-14-402 Definitions.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Montana\\Trade Secrets Act\\
30-14-402 Definitions.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Montana\\Identity Theft\\30-14-1702\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Definitions.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Montana\\Identity Theft\\
30-14-1702 Definitions.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 4) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Montana\\Identity Theft\\30-14-1729.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Montana\\Identit\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 y Theft\\30-14-1729.pdf</a>

\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to Minn. Stat. \'a7\loch\f31506 
 16E.03, states define critical infrastructure in the context of cybersecurity as systems, services, and activities related to computing and telecommunications hardware and software used to secure, acquire, transport, process, an
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 a\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
lyze, store, and disseminate information electronically. It includes proposed expenditures for hardware and software, as well as security and consulting services. The term also covers voice, video, and data transmissions by various technologies, and "cybe
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 r\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 security" specifically refers to the protection of data and systems connected to the Internet. Furthermore, critical infrastructure includes cloud computing services as defined by the National Institute of Standards and Technology.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 = "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Information Technology\\Minn. Stat. _ 16E.03.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\
Information Technology\\Minn. Stat. _ 16E.03.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\I\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 nsurance\\Minn. Stat. _ 60A.9851.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Insurance\\
Minn. Stat. _ 60A.9851.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to O.C.G.A. \'a7\loch\f31506  38 -3-22.2, critical infrastructure in the context of cybersecurity is defined as systems, equipment, \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
or service delivery that are determined by the director to create a life-safety event, substantially impact the security of data and information systems, or affect critical systems, equipment, or service delivery.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current C\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\Military\\O.C.G.A. _ 38-3-22.2.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\Military\\
O.C.G.A. _ 38-3-22.2.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\State Government\\O.C.G.A. _ 50-18-72.pdf" target="_bla\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 nk">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\State Government\\
O.C.G.A. _ 50-18-72.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\Criminal\\O.C.G.A. _ 16-9-92.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\Criminal\\O.C.G.A. _ 16-9-92.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to 18 Del. C. \'a7\loch\f31506  8604:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 a. A licensee is required to develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive, written information security program based on the licensee\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s risk assessment. 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 b. The information security program must protect the security and \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 confidentiality of nonpublic information and the security of the information system.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 c. The program should protect against unauthorized access, threats, or hazards to the security or integrity of nonpublic information and the information system.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 d. The lic\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ensee must identify internal or external threats that could result in unauthorized access, transmission, disclosure, or destruction of nonpublic information.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e. Regular assessment of the sufficiency of policies, procedures, and other safeguards must be con\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ducted to manage identified threats.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 f. Risk management involves designing a program to mitigate identified risks and implementing appropriate security measures.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 g. The program should be adjusted as per relevant changes in technology, sensitivity of nonpub\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 lic information, internal or external threats, and changing business arrangements.

\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 h. An incident response plan must be established to promptly respond to cybersecurity events compromising the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of nonpublic inform\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ation.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 i. Annual certification of compliance with the requirements is mandatory for insurers domiciled in the state.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8604.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\
18 Del. C. _ 8604.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8604.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8604.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3) <a href= "static/Current Cybe\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 rsecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8604.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\
18 Del. C. _ 8604.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 4) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8604.pdf" target="_blank">Current C\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\
18 Del. C. _ 8604.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 5) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8604.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8604.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 According to 24-A M\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 .R.S. \'a7\loch\f31506 
 2264, most states define critical infrastructure in the context of cybersecurity as systems and assets, whether physical or virtual, so vital to a state that their incapacity or destruction would have a debilitating impact on security, the economy,
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  public health or safety, or any combination of these areas.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2263.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2263.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Public Utilities\\35-A M.R.S. _ 31\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 43.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Public Utilities\\
35-A M.R.S. _ 3143.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to Conn. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f31506  42 -901:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 In the context of cybersecurity, most states define critical infrastructure by referring to industry recognized cyb\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ersecurity frameworks such as the "Framework for Improving Critical Infrastructure Cybersecurity" published by the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the "ISO/IEC 27000-series" information security standards, and other specific standards like
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 those from the Federal Risk and Management Program and Center for Internet Security.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Business Practices\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 42-901.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecti\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 cut\\
Business Practices\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 42-901.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Insurance\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 38a-38.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Insurance\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 38a-38.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Ac\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 cording to  ORS \'a7\loch\f31506 
 276A.555, the definition of critical infrastructure in the context of cybersecurity varies among states. It involves sectors such as public, private, and nonprofit, with an emphasis on public bodies like local governments, regional gover
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 n\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ments, special districts, education service districts, school districts, and libraries. Critical infrastructure in cybersecurity includes coordinating, funding, and providing awareness, education, training, workforce development programs, research, and de
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 v\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 elopment of technologies, policies, and processes related to cybersecurity for these entities.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\Information Technology\\\hich\f31506 ORS \'a7\loch\f31506  276A.555.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\Inf
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ormation Technology\\\hich\f31506 ORS \'a7\loch\f31506  276A.555.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\Information Technology\\\hich\f31506 ORS \'a7\loch\f31506  276A.575.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\Information Technology\\\hich\f31506 
ORS \'a7\loch\f31506  276A.575.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3) <a href= "static/Cu\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 rrent Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\Information Technology\\\hich\f31506 ORS \'a7\loch\f31506  276A.570.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon
\\Information Technology\\\hich\f31506 ORS \'a7\loch\f31506  276A.570.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 According to Legislation code C.R.S. 24 -33.5-1905:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 In the context of cybersecurity, cr\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
itical infrastructure is defined as the responsibilities to investigate and prosecute threats to and attacks against critical infrastructure, while also ensuring privacy in accordance with required regulatory bodies and governing standards. This definitio
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 n\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 includes efforts to protect personal identifying information maintained within distributed ledger programs, encouraging the use of distributed ledger technologies in public sector education, and establishing protocols for coordinating and sharing informa
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 t\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ion with state and federal law enforcement and intelligence agencies responsible for cyber-based criminal and national security threats.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\C.R.S. 24-33.5-1901.pdf" target="_bla\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 nk">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\
C.R.S. 24-33.5-1901.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\C.R.S. 24-33.5-1903.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\C.R.S. 24-33.5-1
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 903.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\C.R.S. 24-33.5-1904.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\C.R.S. 24-33.5-1904.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 4) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cy\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 bersecurity\\C.R.S. 24-33.5-1905.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\
C.R.S. 24-33.5-1905.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to 20 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f31506  4661:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 1. Critical infrastructure is defined as having the same meaning as in 11 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f31506  1701.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Refer\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ences:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Cybersecurity\\\hich\f31506 20 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f31506  4661.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Cybersecurity\\\hich\f31506 20 V.S.A. \'a7
\loch\f31506  4661.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to Legislation code A.R.S. \'a7\loch\f31506  18-551, critical infrastructure in the context of cybersecurity is defined as any of the following:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1. "An individual\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s social security number."
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2. "The number on an individual\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s driver license issued pursuant to sect\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ion 28-3166 or nonoperating identification license issued pursuant to section 28-3165."
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3. "A private key that is unique to an individual and that is used to authenticate or sign an electronic record."
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 4. "An individual\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s financial account number or credit\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 or debit card number in combination with any required security code, access code or password that would allow access to the individual\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s financial account."
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 5. "An individual\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s health insurance identification number."
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 6. "Information about an individual\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  medical or mental health treatment or diagnosis by a health care professional."
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 7. "An individual\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s passport number."
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 8. "An individual\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s taxpayer identification number or an identity protection personal identification number issued by the United States i\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
nternal revenue service."
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 9. "Unique biometric data generated from a measurement or analysis of human body characteristics to authenticate an individual when the individual accesses an online account."
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Law\\Arizona\\Data Security Breaches\\18-551. Definitions.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Arizona\\
Data Security Breaches\\18-551. Definitions.pdf</a> - Contexts 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to KRS \'a7\loch\f31506  292.336:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1. Critical infrastructur\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
e in the context of cybersecurity includes the development and implementation of appropriate safeguards to ensure the delivery of critical infrastructure services.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2. Policies and procedures must protect against reasonably anticipated threats or hazards to\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 the security or integrity of client records and information, ensure the safeguarding of confidential client records, and protect any records and information for which the release could result in harm or inconvenience to any client.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3. These measures shoul\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
d cover functions such as identification, protection, detection, response, and recovery to manage information security risk to systems, assets, data, and capabilities.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 4. A business continuity and succession plan must be established, and it should provide \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
for the protection, backup, and recovery of books and records, alternate means of communication in case of interruptions, office relocation plans, and assignment of duties in case of key personnel unavailability.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 5. All documentation must be reviewed annua\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 lly, with the review being documented and maintained for three years from the date of development.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Finance\\KRS _ 292.336.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Finance\\KRS\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  _ 292.336.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Insurance\\KRS _ 292.336.pdf
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to Iowa Code \'a7\loch\f31506  554G.3:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 In the context of cybersecurity, most states define critical infrastructure as the security req\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
uirements of federal laws or regulations, such as the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, Title V of the federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999, the federal Information Security Modernization Act of 2014, the federal Healt
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 h\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, Chapter 507F, and any applicable rules, regulations, or guidelines for critical infrastructure protection adopted by federal agencies such as the federal environmental protection agency, the fe
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 d\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 eral cybersecurity and infrastructure security agency, or the North American reliability corporation.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Commerce\\Iowa Code _ 554G.3.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Commerce\\I\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 owa Code _ 554G.3.pdf</a>

\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Insurance\\Iowa Code _ 507F.4.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Insurance\\Iowa Code _ 507F.4.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to Code of Ala. \'a7\loch\f31506  13A-8-111:
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
(1) Critical infrastructure is defined in most states as systems and assets, whether physical or virtual, so vital to the state that their incapacity or destruction would have a debilitating impact on security, economic security, public health, or safety.

\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Alabama\\Digital Crime Act\\_13A-8-111. Definitions.pdf
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Alabama\\Data Breach Notification Act\\Files(12).pdf" target="_blank">Cur\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 rent Cybersecurity Law\\Alabama\\
Data Breach Notification Act\\Files(12).pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to A.C.A. \'a7\loch\f31506  4-75-601, critical infrastructure in the context of cybersecurity is defined as systems and assets, whether physical or virtual, so vital to the state that 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 the incapacity or destruction of such systems and assets would have a debilitating impact on security, the economy, public health or safety, environment, or any combination of these areas.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Arkansas\\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Trade Secrets Act\\4-75-601. Definitions.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Arkansas\\Trade Secrets Act\\
4-75-601. Definitions.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to R.R.S. Neb. \'a7\loch\f31506  81 -829.01:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 For purposes of the Critical Infrastructure Utility Worker Protection Ac\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
t, most states define critical infrastructure as the physical and cyber assets and infrastructure used in providing utility services to wholesale or retail customers. This includes electrical, gas, water, steam, sewage, and telecommunications services.

\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Re\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ferences:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nebraska\\Government\\\hich\f31506 R.R.S. Neb. \'a7\loch\f31506  81-829.01.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nebraska\\Government\\\hich\f31506 
R.R.S. Neb. \'a7\loch\f31506  81-829.01.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nebraska\\Fi\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 nancial\\\hich\f31506 R.R.S. Neb. \'a7\loch\f31506  87-803.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nebraska\\
Financial\\\hich\f31506 R.R.S. Neb. \'a7\loch\f31506  87-803.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to Idaho Code \'a7\loch\f31506  67-827A, in the context of cybersecurity, most states define critical infrastructure as systems and assets\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
, whether physical or virtual, so vital to the state that their destruction would have a debilitating impact on security, the economy, public health, or safety. Additionally, critical infrastructure includes systems and assets vital to the state that, if 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 d\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 isrupted, would result in catastrophic levels of damage. 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Idaho\\Government\\Idaho Code _ 67-827A.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Idaho\\Government\\Idaho Code _ 67-827A.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a hr\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ef= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Idaho\\Trade Secrets Act\\48-801. Definitions.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Idaho\\Trade Secrets Act\\
48-801. Definitions.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Idaho\\Trade Secrets Act\\48-80\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 4. Preservation of secrecy.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Idaho\\Trade Secrets Act
\\48-804. Preservation of secrecy.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 4) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Idaho\\Trade Secrets Act\\48-806. Effect on other law.pdf" target="_blank"\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 >Current Cybersecurity Law\\Idaho\\Trade Secrets Act\\
48-806. Effect on other law.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f31506  42-7-9:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Critical infrastructure in the context of cybersecurity is defined as the state and municipalities regarding evolving cybersecurity\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 threats and how to address them in a coordinated manner.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\Government\\\hich\f31506 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f31506  42-7-9.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\Government\\\hich\f31506 
R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f31506  42-7-9.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Government\\\hich\f31506 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f31506  42-64.33-2.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law
\\Rhode Island\\Government\\\hich\f31506 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f31506  42-64.33-2.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\Criminal\\\hich\f31506 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f31506  11-49.3-3.pdf" target="_b\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 lank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Rhode Island\\Criminal\\\hich\f31506 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f31506  11-49.3-3.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 4) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\Criminal\\\hich\f31506 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f31506  11-52-1.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\Criminal\\R.I. 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f31506  11-52-1.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 5) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\Criminal\\\hich\f31506 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f31506  11-49.3-7.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\Criminal\\\hich\f31506 
R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f31506  11-49.3-7.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 6) <a href= "static/Current C\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\Military\\\hich\f31506 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f31506  30-32-5.1.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Rhode Island\\Military\\\hich\f31506 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f31506  30-32-5.1.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 7) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\Criminal\\\hich\f31506 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f31506  1\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1-52.2-1.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Rhode Island\\Criminal\\\hich\f31506 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f31506  11-52.2-1.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 8) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\Criminal\\\hich\f31506 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f31506  11-52-1.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rho\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
de Island\\Criminal\\\hich\f31506 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f31506  11-52-1.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 9) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\Criminal\\\hich\f31506 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f31506  11-52-1.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\Criminal\\\hich\f31506 
R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f31506  11-52-1.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 10) <a hr\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ef= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\Trade Secrets Act\\6-41-1. Definitions.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\
Trade Secrets Act\\6-41-1. Definitions.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to Tex. Penal Code \'a7\loch\f31506  33.01, "Critical infrastructur\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
e facility" is defined as a facility that includes various entities such as a chemical manufacturing facility, a refinery, an electrical power generating facility, a water treatment facility, a natural gas transmission compressor station, a telecommunicat
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 i\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ons central switching office, a gas processing plant, a transmission facility used by a federally licensed radio or television station, or a cable television or video service provider headend.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Reference:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Criminal\\\hich\f31506 Tex. Penal Code \'a7\loch\f31506  33.01.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\
Criminal\\\hich\f31506 Tex. Penal Code \'a7\loch\f31506  33.01.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Education\\\hich\f31506 Tex. Educ. Code \'a7\loch\f31506  28.002.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurit\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 y Law\\Texas\\
Education\\\hich\f31506 Tex. Educ. Code \'a7\loch\f31506  28.002.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Business\\\hich\f31506 Tex. Bus. & Com. Code \'a7\loch\f31506  117.001.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Business\\\hich\f31506 
Tex. Bus. & Com. Code \'a7\loch\f31506  117.001.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 4) <a \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f31506 Tex. Govt Code \'a7\loch\f31506  411.084.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\
Government\\\hich\f31506 Tex. Govt Code \'a7\loch\f31506  411.084.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 5) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f31506 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f31506  20\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 59.104.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\
Government\\\hich\f31506 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f31506  2059.104.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 According to ORC Ann. 3965.02 Legislation, most states define critical infrastructure in the context of cybersecurity as systems and assets, whether physica\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
l or virtual, so vital to the state that the incapacity or destruction of such systems and assets would have a debilitating impact on security, national economic security, national public health or safety, or any combination of those matters. This include
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 s\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  non-public information used by the licensee or in the licensee\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s possession, custody, or control.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\ORC Ann. 3965.02.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\ORC \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Ann. 3965.02.pdf</a>- Context 1
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Government\\ORC Ann. 125.18.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Government\\ORC Ann. 125.18.pdf</a>- Context 2
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oh\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 io\\Insurance\\ORC Ann. 3965.02.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\
ORC Ann. 3965.02.pdf</a>- Context 3
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 4) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\ORC Ann. 3965.02.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohi\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 o\\Insurance\\
ORC Ann. 3965.02.pdf</a>- Context 4
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 5) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Commercial Transactions\\ORC Ann. 1354.03.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Commercial Transactions\\ORC Ann. 1354.03.pdf</a>- Context 5
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Acco\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 rding to Fla. Stat. \'a7\loch\f31506  282.318:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
In the context of cybersecurity, most states define critical infrastructure as "an emergency-level incident within the specified jurisdiction that poses an imminent threat to the provision of wide-scale critical infrastructur
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e services; national, state, or local government security; or the lives of the country\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s, state\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s, or local government\hich\f31506 \rquote 
\loch\f31506 s residents."
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Information Technology\\Fla. Stat. _ 282.318.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Information Technology\\Fla. Stat. _ 282.318.pdf</a>

\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to Miss. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  25-53-201, critical \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
infrastructure in the context of cybersecurity is defined as those systems and assets so vital to the state that their destruction or disruption would have a debilitating impact on security, national economic security, national public health or safety, or
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 any combination thereof. 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Government\\Miss. Code Ann. _ 25-53-201.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Government\\Miss. Code Ann. _ 25-53-201.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "s\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 tatic/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Insurance\\Miss. Code Ann. __ 83-5-807.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Insurance\\
Miss. Code Ann. __ 83-5-807.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to 40 Pa.C.S. \'a7\loch\f31506  4513:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 In the context of cybersecurity, crit\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ical infrastructure is defined by most states as systems, assets, and industries vital to public safety, economy, and national security, such as energy, transportation, and financial services.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Penn\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 sylvania\\\hich\f31506 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f31506  4513.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\
\hich\f31506 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f31506  4513.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f31506  44-04-24:
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1. Most states define "critical infrastructure" as public buildings, systems, including telecommun\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ications centers and computers, power generation plants, dams, bridges, and similar key resources, and systems related to utility services, fuel supply, energy, hazardous liquid, natural gas, or coal, whether physical or virtual, so vital to the state tha
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 t\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 the incapacity or destruction of these systems would have a debilitating impact on security, state economic security, state public health or safety, or any combination of those matters.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dako\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ta\\Government\\\hich\f31506 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f31506  44-04-24.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law
\\North Dakota\\Government\\\hich\f31506 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f31506  44-04-24.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 I'm sorry, but without a specific context to provide information on how states define critical infrastructu\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
re in the context of cybersecurity, I am unable to provide a precise answer. If you could provide a relevant context, I would be happy to assist you further.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  56-2-1004:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Critical infrastructure in the context of cybersecurity \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
is defined based on the size and complexity of the licensee, the nature and scope of its activities, including its use of third-party service providers, and the sensitivity of the nonpublic information used by or in the possession, custody, or control of 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 t\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
he licensee. Each licensee is required to develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive, written information security program that contains administrative, technical, and physical safeguards for the protection of nonpublic information and the licensee'
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 s\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  information system.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\\hich\f31506 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  56-2-1004.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\\hich\f31506 
Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f31506  56-2-1004.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to Wyo. Stat. \'a7\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  6-3-503:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
In the context of cybersecurity, most states define critical infrastructure as governmental operations or public communication, transportation, or supplies of water, gas, or other public services that are interrupted or impaired by the destructio
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 n, injury, or damage to a computer, computer system, or computer network without authorization.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wyoming\\Criminal\\\hich\f31506 Wyo. Stat. \'a7\loch\f31506  6-3-503.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wyoming\\Criminal\\
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 Wyo. Stat. \'a7\loch\f31506  6-3-503.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wyoming\\Criminal\\\hich\f31506 Wyo. Stat. \'a7\loch\f31506  6-3-506.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wyoming\\Criminal\\\hich\f31506 Wyo. Stat. \'a7
\loch\f31506  6-3-506.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 According to La. R.S. \'a7\loch\f31506  39:15.12:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (2) "Critical infrastructure sectors" includes the following sectors which the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency of the federal Department of Homeland Security has identified as critical:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (a) Chemical.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (b) Commercial facilities.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (c) Communic\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ations.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (d) Critical manufacturing.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (e) Dams.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (f) Defense industrial base.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (g) Emergency services.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (h) Energy.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (i) Financial services.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (j) Food and agriculture.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (k) Government facilities.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (l) Healthcare and public health.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (m) Information technology.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (n) Nu\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 clear reactors, materials, and waste.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (o) Transportation systems.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (p) Water and wastewater systems.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (q) Any other sector which the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency deems to be critical in the future.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 References:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1) <a href= "static/Current\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Government\\La. R.S. _ 39_15.12.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Government\\
La. R.S. _ 39_15.12.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Finance\\La. R.S. _ 51_3052.pdf" target="_bla\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 nk">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Finance\\
La. R.S. _ 51_3052.pdf</a>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3) <a href= "static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Insurance\\La. R.S. _ 22_2504.pdf" target="_blank">Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Insurance\\La. R.S. _ 22_2504.pdf</a>
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 M\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ost states define critical infrastructure in the context of cybersecurity as systems and assets, whether physical or virtual, so vital to the state that their incapacity or destruction would have a debilitating impact on security, national economic securi
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 t\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
y, national public health or safety, or any combination of those matters. This includes various sectors such as chemical, commercial facilities, communications, critical manufacturing, dams, defense industrial base, emergency services, energy, financial s
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
rvices, food and agriculture, government facilities, healthcare and public health, information technology, nuclear reactors, materials, and waste, transportation systems, and water and wastewater systems among others.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid7154778 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e500000000000000000000000090b9
46703137db01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}