{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid11077473}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr13\min16}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr13\min17}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages15}{\nofwords6503}{\nofchars37072}{\nofcharsws43489}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot11077473 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid11077473 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q11\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 : }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid11077473 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 How do states address cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid11077473 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid1734919 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid11077473 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response: 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid11077473 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line 5. Arizona \line 6. Colorado \line 
7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 18. Oregon \line 
19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. South Carolina \line 23. Indiana \line 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. Kansas \line 28. Arkans\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s \line 29. Idaho \line 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 40. Alabama \line 
41. North Dakota \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. New Mexico \line 46. Ken\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 50. Illinois 
\line \line New Hampshire: \line States address cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing by implementing regulations outlined in RSA 420-P:4. Licensees are required to establish programs that pro\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ect the security and confidentiality of nonpublic information, guard against threats to information systems, prevent unauthorized access, and define retention schedules for data. Risk assessments must identify potential threats, including those posed by t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ird-party service providers. Furthermore, licensees must exercise due diligence in selecting third-party providers and ensure they implement appropriate security measures. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420-P_4.pdf\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420-P_6.pdf \line \line 
Delaware: \line \hich\f1 According to 18 Del. C. \'a7\loch\f1  8604: \line \line (b) Objectives of information security program. \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  A licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s information security program must be designed to do all of the following: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (1) Protect the security and confidentiality of nonpublic information and the security of the information system. \line 
(2) Protect against threats or hazards to the security or integrity of nonpublic information and the information system. \line (3) Protect agains\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 unauthorized access to or use of nonpublic information, and minimize the likelihood of harm to a consumer. \line 
(4) Define and periodically reevaluate a schedule for retention of nonpublic information and a mechanism for its destruction when retention of the\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nonpublic information is no longer needed. 
\line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8604.pdf \line \line Virginia: \line States address cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing by enforcing measures outlined in Va. Code Ann.
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'a7\loch\f1 
 2.2-2009. These measures include developing policies, standards, and guidelines for assessing security risks, coordinating security audits with relevant entities, requiring cooperation from all Commonwealth agencies, and mandating compliance with federa
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  laws and regulations regarding information security and privacy in IT contracts. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7
\loch\f1  2.2-2009.pdf \line \line New York: \line \hich\f1 According to NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1  103, states address cybe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 security risks associated with cloud computing by: 
\line \line 1. Performing technology reviews and making recommendations for improving management and program effectiveness pertaining to technology. \line 2. Reviewing and coordinating the purchase of technology by stat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  agencies, including assessing consistency with statewide technology standards and safeguarding information privacy. \line 
3. Establishing, overseeing, managing, coordinating, and facilitating the planning, design, and implementation of the state\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s common tech\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ology networks. \line 
4. Encouraging and fostering the exchange of information within and among public and private entities to improve the delivery of state programs and services. \line 5. Providing for the protection of the state government\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s cybersecurity infrast\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ucture, including the identification and mitigation of vulnerabilities, deterring and responding to cyber events, and promoting cybersecurity awareness within the state. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\
Information Technology\\NY CLS ST\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 TE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1  103.pdf \line \line Arizona: \line \hich\f1 According to Utah Code \'a7\loch\f1  63F-4-103: \line 
1. Cloud service providers should: \line a. Develop and implement a program to assess the security of cloud services; \line b. Accept certain audit requirements; \line c. Provide audit reports \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 elating to cloud services upon request; \line d. Engage in certain protocols to address cybersecurity risks associated with clout computing. \line 
2. State agencies using cloud services are required to ensure compliance with the requirements. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\U\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ers\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Public Sector\\Utah Code.pdf \line \line Colorado: \line According to C.R.S. 24 -33.5-1905: \line (2) In furtherance of subsection (1) of this section, the university of Colorado at Colorado Springs and any 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 onprofit organization with which the university has a partnership may consider the following: \line 
(a) Creating a business plan to develop a secure facility on the property of the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs that provides physical, electronic, \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
roprietary, and administrative security; \line 
(b) Exploring secure facility development and use at other Colorado universities and facilities that may augment the capacity at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs and enable collaborative activities; \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
(c) Establishing relationships with appropriate federally funded research and development corporations under the sponsorship of the United States Department of Defense and the United States Department of Homeland Security as an administrative partner to: 
\line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (I) Establish and certify a top secret and special access-certified facility; \line ... (Continues with more details on cybersecurity initiatives) ... \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\C.R.S. 24-33.5-1905.pdf Contexts: \line \line Georgi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 : \line \hich\f1 According to legislation code O.C.G.A. \'a7\loch\f1  38 -3-22.2: \line \line 
In addressing cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing, every agency shall report any cyber attack incident, data breach, or identified use of malware to the director of emergency manage\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ent and homeland security. The reporting requirements shall be satisfied if the incident is required to be reported to the United States government or any agency thereof, and the same information must be provided to the director within two hours of making
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 the initial report. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\Military\\O.C.G.A. _ 38-3-22.2.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\State Government\\
O.C.G.A. _ 50-18-72.pdf \line \line Vermont: \line States address cybersecurity risks associated with cloud c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
mputing by ensuring that the Cybersecurity Advisory Council has various duties, including developing a strategic plan for protecting both public and private sector information and systems, evaluating statewide cybersecurity readiness, building relationshi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s with various entities, conducting inventory and review of cybersecurity standards and protocols, identifying opportunities for workforce development and public awareness, providing technical capabilities and advice, making recommendations for legislativ
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  action, assessing operational and budgetary impacts, managing risks, establishing communication protocols, and exploring cyber-insurance options. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Cybersecurity\\\hich\f1 20 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4662.pdf \line \line Wyoming: \line States ad\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
ress cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing by implementing strategies outlined in W. Va. Code, \'a7\loch\f1 
 5A-6G-3a. These strategies include access controls, encryption, monitoring and auditing systems, compliance with industry standards, ensuring da\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
a is stored securely, employing transparently reproducible design technology, vetting cybersecurity vendor personnel, implementing strict access controls to software code, and procuring maintenance services from U.S. citizens. Additionally, states may pre
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lude vendors from sharing information without consumer consent. \line \line References: \line \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\
West Virginia\\Public Sector\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6G-3a.pdf \line \line Rhode Island: \line \hich\f1 According to R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 4\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2-7-9: \line 
(b) The cybersecurity incident response group shall: \line (1) Establish communication protocols in the event of a breach of cybersecurity in any agency or public body. The protocols shall include, but not be limited to: \line 
(i) A list of potential cybers\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 curity breaches that would require reporting; \line (ii) State and local entities covered within the communication plan; \line 
(iii) Mechanisms to communicate a cybersecurity breach in a timely manner to members of the public and other relevant parties who may be a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 fected by the breach; and \line 
(iv) Primary contact at each agency or public body. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\Government\\\hich\f1 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  42-7-9.pdf \line \line Nebraska: \line 
According to Illinois Statute 305 ILCS 5/8A-1: \line States address cybe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
security risks associated with cloud computing primarily by ensuring that state agencies and authorities can migrate to cloud-based services and solutions while complying with cybersecurity and data privacy regulations. The statute promotes the use of ind
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
stry-recognized guidelines and practices for securing cloud services, requiring state agencies to establish standards and procedures to address cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing. Additionally, the statute emphasizes the importance of saf
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 guarding confidential and sensitive information when using cloud services, ensuring that state government entities implement appropriate measures to protect data stored in the cloud. \line 
\line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cyb\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rsecurity Law\\Illinois\\Public Health\\Illinois Statute 305 ILCS 5_8A-1.pdf \line \line Nevada: \line 
States address cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing by implementing strategic statewide plans to respond to incidents where information systems are comprom\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
sed, breached, or damaged. These plans aim to minimize the harmful impacts and disruptive effects on essential services and government functions, ensuring uninterrupted delivery of services and operations. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevad\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.900.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 
Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.930.pdf \line \line Michigan: \line States address cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing by implementing regulations requiring l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
censees to develop, implement, and maintain information security programs. The regulations also mandate executive management to report annually on the status of the information security program and compliance, material matters related to cybersecurity, an
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 management's responses to those matters. Furthermore, if executive management delegates responsibilities, they must oversee the development of the information security program and receive a report from the delegate. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS _ 500.555.pdf \line \line Florida: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 The response outlines legislation in Florida (Fla. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 282.206) that requires state agencies to prioritize cloud computing solutions in their technology sourcing strategies, provided the\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 meet cybersecurity laws and standards. State agencies must evaluate cloud computing options for applications, develop annual strategic plans for transitioning to cloud services, and notify the state data center of any changes in service utilization. The 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 D\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 epartment of Law Enforcement is restricted from imposing stricter cybersecurity measures for cloud computing services without legislative authorization. \line \line Reference: \line 
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Information Technology\\Fla. Stat. _ 282.206.pdf \line \line Miss\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 uri: \line \hich\f1 According to 18 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1030: \line 
States may have specific regulations addressing cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing. It is essential for entities to comply with relevant state laws and regulations to ensure the security of data st\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 red or processed in the cloud. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 18 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1030.pdf \line 
\line Wisconsin: \line States address cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing by i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
plementing various security measures such as access controls, data identification and management, physical access restrictions, encryption for data protection, secure development practices, regular testing and monitoring, audit trails, and measures to saf
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 guard against data destruction or loss. These measures aim to enhance cybersecurity and ensure the protection of nonpublic information in cloud computing environments. \line \line References: 
\line - Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952.pdf\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Tennessee: \line 
States address cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing by implementing specific requirements for licensees. These include conducting a risk assessment by designating responsible individuals, identifying internal and external th
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
eats, assessing the likelihood and potential damage of threats, evaluating existing policies and safeguards, implementing information safeguards, and annually assessing the effectiveness of key controls. Additionally, licensees are required to exercise du
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  diligence in selecting third-party service providers who must implement appropriate measures to protect information systems and nonpublic information. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004.pdf \line \line Orego\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 : \line \hich\f1 
States address cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing by establishing a statewide advisory body, as outlined in ORS \'a7\loch\f1 
 276A.555. This body serves to advise the Legislative Assembly, Governor, and State Chief Information Officer on cybersecu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ity issues for various public sector entities. It provides information, best practices, and recommendations on cybersecurity, coordinates information sharing on threats and incidents, offers cybersecurity services to public bodies, and collaborates on cyb
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rsecurity efforts with IT modernization projects. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ore\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 on\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 ORS \'a7
\loch\f1  276A.555.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555.pdf \line \line Connecticut: \line \hich\f1 According to Conn. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  38a -38: \line \line 
States address cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing by: \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (c) Information Security Program. \line (4) Risk Management. \line (A) Design such licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s information security program to mitigate the identified risks, commensurate with the size and complexity of such licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s activities, including, but not limited to, such\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 licensee's use of third-party service providers, and the sensitivity of the nonpublic information used by such licensee or in such licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s possession, custody or control. \line \line 
(g) Confidentiality. \line (3) Share documents, materials and other information subj\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ct to subdivision (1) of this subsection with a third-party consultant or vendor, provided the third-party consultant or vendor agrees, in writing, to maintain the confidentiality and privileged status of such documents, materials and other information. 
\line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Insurance\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 38a-38.pdf \line \line Mississippi: \line 
States address cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing by establishing the Enterprise Security Program to provide coordinated oversig\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
t of cybersecurity efforts across all state agencies. The Mississippi Department of Information Technology Services (MDITS) works with state agencies to provide centralized management and coordination of state policies for data and information technology 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ecurity. MDITS defines enterprise cybersecurity systems and services, acquires and operates technology solutions, establishes security standards and policies, and ensures compliance with laws and regulations in managing technology infrastructure. \line 
\line Refere\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ces: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Government\\Miss. Code Ann. _ 25-53-201.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Insurance\\
Miss. Code Ann. __ 83-5-807.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line According to the Oklahoma Hospital Cybersecurity Protection Act of 20\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 23 (\'a7\'a7\loch\f1  2068 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 
 2072) under legislation code 18 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f1  2070, states address cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing by having covered entities create and maintain a written cybersecurity program with administrative, technical, and physical s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
feguards. This program should protect the security and confidentiality of information, guard against anticipated threats or hazards, and prevent unauthorized access that could result in identity theft or fraud. The scale and scope of the cybersecurity pro
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ram should consider factors such as the size and complexity of the entity, the nature of its activities, the sensitivity of information, cost, tools availability, and available resources. Additionally, the program must be reviewed, evaluated, and updated 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nnually for effectiveness. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oklahoma\\Hospital Cybersecurity Protection Act\\\hich\f1 18 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f1  2070.pdf \line \line 
South Carolina: \line States address cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing by requiring licensees to de\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
elop, implement, and maintain comprehensive written information security programs based on risk assessments. These programs must include administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect nonpublic information and information systems. The progr
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ms must also aim to protect data security and confidentiality, safeguard against threats or hazards, prevent unauthorized access to information, and establish data retention schedules. Furthermore, licensees are expected to periodically reevaluate these s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 curity measures. \line \line Reference: [Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20.pdf](static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\
South Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20.pdf) \line \line Indiana: \line \hich\f1 According to Burns Ind. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  27-2-\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 7-18: \line 
Licensees address cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing by: \line 1. Designing the information security program to mitigate identified risks based on the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s size, complexity, activities, and sensitivity of nonpublic information. \line 2.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 Implementing appropriate security measures such as access controls, encryption for nonpublic information, secure development practices, multi-factor authentication, and regular testing of systems. \line 
3. Including cybersecurity risks in the enterprise risk \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 anagement process and staying informed about emerging threats or vulnerabilities. \line 
4. Using reasonable security measures when sharing information and providing personnel with cybersecurity awareness training updated as necessary. \line \line References: \line 1) Current\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Insurance\\Burns Ind. Code Ann. _ 27-2-27-18.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Insurance\\Burns Ind. Code Ann. _ 27-2-27-21.pdf \line \line Utah: \line \hich\f1 According to Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 63A-16-214: \line 5. In procuring third-party cloud computing\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
solutions, the division may utilize established purchasing vehicles, including cooperative purchasing contracts and federal supply contracts, to facilitate efficient purchasing. \line 
(b) The chief information officer shall establish a list of approved vendors\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 that are authorized to provide zero trust architecture to governmental entities in the state. \line 
(c) If an executive branch agency determines that procurement of a third-party cloud computing solution is not feasible, the executive branch agency shall provi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e a written explanation to the division of the reasons that a cloud computing solution is not feasible, including: \line (i) the reasons why the executive branch agency determined that a third-party cloud computing solution is not feasible; \line 
(ii) specific chal\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 enges or difficulties of migrating existing solutions to a cloud environment; and \line 
(iii) the total expected cost of ownership of existing or alternative solutions compared to a cloud computing solution. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Gov\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rnment\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-16-214.pdf \line \line West Virginia: \line \hich\f1 According to W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-2: \line 
"Security controls" means safeguards or countermeasures to avoid, detect, counteract or minimize security risks to physical property, information, computer syste\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s or other assets. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-1.pdf \line \line Maryland: \line 
States address cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing by requiring the Office to report annually on cybersecurity p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
eparedness activities and accomplishments in Maryland, including vulnerability assessments, audit findings, expenditure analysis on cybersecurity, efforts to secure financial support, key performance indicators, and recommendations for improvement. The re
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ort must not disclose specific cybersecurity vulnerabilities and risks. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Government\\
Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.5-406.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Government\\Md. State F\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nance and Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.5-407.pdf \line \line 
Kansas: \line \hich\f1 According to K.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  75-7240: \line a. The executive branch agency heads are responsible for security of all data and information technology resources under the agency's purview, including locations suc
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  as agency sites, agency real property, infrastructure in state data centers, third-party locations, and in transit between locations. \line 
b. An agency-wide information security program must be in place to ensure compliance with state and federal laws and re\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ulations. \line 
c. The agencies should implement cost-effective safeguards to mitigate threats and vulnerabilities. \line d. Cybersecurity self-assessment reports are required to be submitted to the CISO by October 16 of each even-numbered year. \line e. In the event of
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a breach or suspected breach, agencies must comply with notification requirements and inform the CISO. \line 
f. Employee training is essential, including one hour of information technology security training per year for all employees with access to IT systems.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\K.S.A. _ 75-7240.pdf \line \line Arkansas: \line According to Act No. 2021-4, HB 15: \line 
1. The Cybersecurity Task Force shall address a variety of measures to minimize risk and create governance practices to pr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tect the state's information systems. \line 
2. The Cybersecurity Task Force duties include monitoring cybersecurity threats, assessing risks, monitoring compliance with state and federal laws, regulations, and policies, and providing recommendations to state e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tities to better secure their systems. \line 
3. For cloud computing, the Cybersecurity Task Force examines the potential risks associated with storing data in a cloud environment and provides guidance on ensuring the security of such data. \line 4. The Task Force a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sists the state in addressing potential vulnerabilities and ensuring proper measures are in place to safeguard state data and information systems against cyber threats. \line \line References: \line 
1) /state_legislation/Alabama/Act No. 2021-4, HB 15.pdf \line \line Idaho: \line Accor\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ing to Idaho Code \'a7\loch\f1  67-827A: \line 
1. To oversee implementation of cybersecurity policies to foster risk and cybersecurity management telecommunications and decision-making with both internal and external organizational stakeholders. \line 2. To coordinate and cons
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lt with state agencies and officials regarding information security needs. \line 
3. To coordinate with state agencies and officials on penetration tests and vulnerability scans of state technology systems in order to identify steps to mitigate identified risks.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 
4. To coordinate with state agencies and officials to ensure that state agencies implement mandatory education and training of state employees and provide guidance on appropriate levels of training for various classifications of state employees. \line 
5. To \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
oordinate with appropriate state agencies to create, coordinate, publish, routinely update and market a statewide cybersecurity website as an information repository for intelligence-sharing and cybersecurity best practices. \line 
6. To coordinate public and pr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 vate entities to develop, create and promote statewide public outreach efforts to protect personal information and sensitive data from cyber threats. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Idaho\\Government\\Idaho Code _ 67-827A.pdf \line \line North Carolina: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tates address cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing by requiring state agencies to provide comprehensive information on their IT security measures, designate an agency liaison to coordinate with the State CIO, and protect information shared 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 bout cybersecurity incidents from public disclosure. The details can be found in N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1379. \line \line \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1379.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 North Carolina\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. 
\'a7\loch\f1  143B-1350.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1322.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 
N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 143B-1320.pdf \line \line Texas: \line According to Tex. Gov\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 \hich\f1 t Code \'a7\loch\f1  2157.007: \line \line 
(c) A state agency shall ensure that information resources projects that use cloud computing service options meet or exceed required state standards for cybersecurity. \line \line References: \line 1) Cu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rent Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2157.007.pdf \line \line California: \line \hich\f1 According to Georgia Code \'a7\loch\f1  50-25-2: \line 
States address cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing by requiring the development and implementation of a comprehensive cyb\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rsecurity program that includes, among other things, oversight of the security program by a qualified individual, third-party assessments, and compliance with relevant laws and regulations. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Curr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nt Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\\hich\f1 Georgia Code \'a7\loch\f1  50-25-2.pdf \line \line Montana: \line According to Texas Statutes - Sec. 2054.5191: \line 
1. State agencies must consider the adoption of cloud computing in evaluating the overall cybersecurity needs of the state. \line 2. State agenci\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s must adhere to the established statewide technology solutions security policy when utilizing cloud services to address the cybersecurity risks. \line 
3. The Department of Information Resources must develop policies and standards to address the risks associat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d with the use of cloud computing services to ensure cybersecurity. \line 
4. State agencies must consider specific risks such as data loss, unauthorized access, and dissemination when addressing cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing. \line \line References\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Texas Statutes\\Sec. 2054.5191.pdf \line \line Massachusetts: \line 
States address cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing by establishing a Massachusetts cybersecurity center as \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 utlined in ALM GL ch. 40J, \'a7\loch\f1 
 6J. The center's purpose is to enhance economic growth by engaging with the cybersecurity industry and promoting cybersecurity resiliency through collaboration with state agencies, municipalities, educational institutions, and
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
private partners. It is responsible for convening stakeholders to recommend actions to enhance cybersecurity resiliency, support cybersecurity entrepreneurs, improve cybersecurity across organizations, address workforce shortages, and provide affordable c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 bersecurity training. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Government\\ALM GL ch. 40J, _ 6J.pdf \line \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\
Government\\ALM GL ch. 40J, _ 4H.pdf \line \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 G\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 L ch. 93H, _ 2.pdf \line \line Iowa: \line 
States address cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing by requiring covered entities to conform to industry-recognized cybersecurity frameworks such as those developed by NIST, NIST Special Publications, FedRAMP Sec
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rity Assessment Framework, Center for Internet Security Critical Security Controls, and ISO/IEC 27000 family. Covered entities must also comply with specific laws like the HIPAA, Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, Information Security Modernization Act, and Health I
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
formation Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act. Additionally, covered entities must comply with the updated standards within specified time frames to ensure effectiveness in addressing cloud computing risks. \line \line References: \line 
1) [Current Cybersecu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ity Law\\Iowa\\Commerce\\Iowa Code _ 554G.3.pdf](static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Commerce\\Iowa Code _ 554G.3.pdf) \line \line New Jersey: \line 
States address cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing by requiring water purveyors to update their cybersecuri\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y programs to cover all public community water system's industrial control systems in line with industry-recognized cybersecurity frameworks. These water purveyors are obligated to revise their cybersecurity programs based on any final revisions of the re
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ognized frameworks and submit the updated program to the New Jersey Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Cell within 180 days. Additionally, water purveyors must provide annual certifications of compliance with the cybersecurity program requiremen
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s and furnish proof of compliance upon request. Non-compliance may lead to audits by the New Jersey Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Cell. The board is responsible for updating its cybersecurity program requirements accordingly. \line \line 
References: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Utilities\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  58_31-4.1.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Utilities\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  58_31-4.pdf 
\line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Utilities\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  58_31-4.1.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Law\\New Jersey\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7
\loch\f1  52_17B-193.2.pdf \line \line Washington: \line States address cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing by mandating state agencies, institutions of higher education, the legislature, and the judiciary to develop informa
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ion technology security programs aligned with the office of cybersecurity's standards and policies. The office of cybersecurity is required to ensure the highest levels of security for protecting confidential information within the state's IT systems, uti
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 izing existing industry standard and widely adopted cybersecurity standards, with a preference for United States federal standards. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450.pdf \line 2) Current Cyber\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1 
 43.105.450(2).pdf \line \line Louisiana: \line States address cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing by requiring licensees to develop, implement, and maintain comprehensive written information secu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ity programs. These programs must be based on a risk assessment, include administrative, technical, and physical safeguards for the protection of nonpublic information, and be commensurate with the licensee's size, complexity, activities, and sensitivity 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
f information. Additionally, licensees must establish a written incident response plan to promptly respond to and recover from any cybersecurity event affecting the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of nonpublic information. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Cu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rent Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Insurance\\La. R.S. _ 22_2504.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Government\\La. R.S. _ 42_1267.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Finance\\La. R.S. _ 51_2106.pdf \line \line Maine: \line The response outlines the steps th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
t a licensee must take to address cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing as per Legislation code 24-A M.R.S. \'a7\loch\f1 
 2264. This includes designating a responsible person, identifying threats, assessing potential damage, reviewing safeguards, and co\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ducting annual effectiveness assessments. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf \line \line Alabama: \line According to HB 173 (2020), states have addressed cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing by adopting legi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lation that requires state agencies to assess risks and develop mitigation strategies for cloud services, including encryption and security controls. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users
\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\House Bill 17\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  (2020).pdf \line \line North Dakota: \line \hich\f1 According to N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1 
 26.1-02.2-03: \line 4. Based on the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s risk assessment, the licensee shall: \line a. Design the information security program to mitigate the identified risks, commensurate with the size and comple
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 x\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ity of the licensee, the nature and scope of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s activities, including the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s use of third-party service providers, and the sensitivity of the nonpublic information used by the licensee or in the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s possession, custody, or contr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l. 
\line 
b. Determine which security measures as provided under this subdivision are appropriate and implement the security measures, including controls to authenticate and permit access only to an authorized individual to protect against the unauthorized acqu
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sition of nonpublic information. \line c. Include cybersecurity risks in the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s enterprise risk management process. \line 
d. Stay informed regarding emerging threats or vulnerabilities and use reasonable security measures if sharing information relative to \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
he character of the sharing and the type of information shared. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-03.pdf \line \line Alaska: \line \hich\f1 
According to Ga. Code Ann., \'a7\loch\f1  7-61-1: \line 1. Georgia's overall effort to secure \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 loud services and guard against cyber incidents includes: \line 
a. The Georgia Information Sharing and Analysis Center (GISAC) which is Georgia's cloud security and incident reporting portal. \line b. The state and local governments are responsible for cloud securi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y and cybersecurity at the state and local levels. \line 
c. Under the Georgia Cybersecurity Act, the Executive Branch Enterprise Information Security Office (EISO) must develop cybersecurity and data protection policies. The Georgia Technology Authority deploy\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  endpoint protection software through cloud services. \line d. Agencies are also required to comply with the Georgia Technology Authority\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s enterprise security policies. \line \line Reference: \line 
1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Geor\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ia\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 Ga. Code Ann., \'a7\loch\f1  7-61-1.pdf \line \line Ohio: \line 
States address cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing by implementing specific requirements outlined in regulatory frameworks, such as ORC Ann. 3965.02. This regulation mandates t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e development of an information security program that includes administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect nonpublic information and information systems. The program must address various aspects, including safeguarding data confidentiali
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y, protecting against threats, minimizing unauthorized access, and establishing data retention and destruction mechanisms. Additionally, organizations are required to conduct risk assessments and tailor their security measures to mitigate identified risks
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 effectively. Boards of directors, if present, play a role in overseeing the development, implementation, and maintenance of the information security program. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\ORC Ann. 3965.02.pdf \line \line Pennsylvania: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tates address cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing through various security measures required by certain regulations. These measures include placing access controls on information systems, managing data according to business objectives, res
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ricting physical access to authorized personnel, encrypting transmitted or stored nonpublic information, adopting secure practices for in-house developed applications, modifying information systems in line with information security programs, using control
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 like multifactor authentication, testing and monitoring systems for cybersecurity events, implementing measures to protect against destruction of information, and developing procedures for secure disposal of information. Additionally, licensees are requi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ed to include cybersecurity risks in their enterprise risk management process, stay informed about emerging threats, and ensure personnel receive cybersecurity awareness training regularly. 
\line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\40 Pa.C.S.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  -\'ba\loch\f1  4513.pdf \line \line New Mexico: \line Summary: \line 
States address cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing by serving as a cybersecurity resource for local governments, developing cybersecurity service catalogs, collaborating with agencies to develop standa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ds and services, establishing core services for security standards and policies, implementing data classification policies, providing cybersecurity awareness training, and creating a centralized cybersecurity and data breach reporting process. \line 
\line Reference\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 : \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  9-27A-3.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\
Utilities\\\hich\f1 N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  71-11-1.pdf \line \line Kentucky: \line States address cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 by mandating that every investment adviser establishes and implements written physical security and cybersecurity policies and procedures. These policies must ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of physical and electronic records and 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nformation, tailored to the adviser's business model and the potential threats they may face. The policies should cover functions such as Identification, Protection, Detection, Response, and Recovery, and must be reviewed annually for adequacy and effecti
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 eness. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Finance\\KRS _ 292.336.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Insurance\\KRS _ 304.3-756.pdf \line \line 
Hawaii: \line States address cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing through Legislation cod\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  HRS \'a7\loch\f1 
 128B-1. The legislation emphasizes the development of requirements and methods to improve cyber resiliency within the State, enhance critical infrastructure network and resiliency, utilize existing state resources for cybersecurity, accelerate grow
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
h of the cybersecurity industry, secure funding for cybersecurity activities, establish partnerships for implementing cyber resiliency structures, and expand cybersecurity workforce through education. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Com\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 unications\\HRS _ 128B-1.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Insruance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-203.pdf \line \line Minnesota: 
\line \hich\f1 According to Minn. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  16E.03, states address cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing through a structured eval\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ation and approval process. Here is how it is addressed: \line \line 
1. Subd. 4a: Cloud computing services must undergo evaluation that includes a review of security benefits and cost savings associated with purchasing from cloud computing service providers. \line 2. Su\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d. 4a: The state chief information officer, in consultation with the Technology Advisory Council, establishes metrics to assess the progress of any cloud computing project for each state agency. \line 
3. Subd. 5a: The state chief information officer reports on\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
the progress of executive branch cloud adoption to legislative committees, including an accounting of expenditures for cloud computing initiatives and cost projections. \line 
4. Subd. 5a: The report includes timelines, names of cloud providers, and the percent\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ge of total cloud use for current computing projects. \line 
5. Subd. 5a: This progress reporting requirement applies annually and expires on December 31, 2027. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Information Technology\\Minn. Stat. _ 16E.03.pd\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line South Dakota: \line According to the New York Laws - GBS - Article 11: \line 
1. States may address cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing by requiring contractors to provide specific protections for data stored and processed in a cloud computing env\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ronment, including provisions for: \line a. Encryption of data at rest and in motion; \line b. Strong user authentication; \line c. Restrictions on data processing location; \line d. Notice of subcontractor changes; \line 
e. Data ownership and use restrictions; \line f. Data breach no\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ification requirements; \line g. Independent security assessments; \line 
h. Service level agreements addressing cybersecurity provisions. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\General Business\\GBS - Article \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1.pdf \line \line Illinois: \line According to 215 ILCS 215/10: \line (b) A licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s information security program shall be designed to: \line 
(1) protect the security and confidentiality of nonpublic information and the security of the information system; \line (2) protect against a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y threats or hazards to the security or integrity of nonpublic information and the information system; \line (3) protect against unauthorized access to or use of nonpublic information; \line (4) minimize the likelihood of harm to any consumer; and \line 
(5) define and p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
riodically reevaluate a schedule for retention of nonpublic information and a mechanism for its destruction when no longer needed, except if the information is otherwise required to be retained by law or rule or if targeted disposal is not reasonably feas
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ble due to the manner in which the information is maintained. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_10.pdf \line \line 
States address cybersecurity risks associated with cloud computing by implementing regulations that require \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
icensees to develop, implement, and maintain information security programs. These programs are designed to protect the security and confidentiality of nonpublic information, guard against threats to information systems, prevent unauthorized access, and de
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ine retention schedules for data. Risk assessments are conducted to identify potential threats, including those posed by third-party service providers. Licensees are required to exercise due diligence in selecting third-party providers and ensure that the
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 implement appropriate security measures. Additionally, states enforce measures such as developing policies, standards, and guidelines, coordinating security audits with relevant entities, requiring cooperation from all agencies, and mandating compliance 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ith federal laws and regulations regarding information security and privacy in IT contracts. States also establish strategic plans to respond to incidents compromising information systems, ensuring uninterrupted delivery of services and operations, and mi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
imizing harmful impacts. Various security measures are implemented, including access controls, encryption, monitoring and auditing systems, compliance with industry standards, data storage security, secure development technology, vetting of cybersecurity 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
endor personnel, strict access controls to software code, and procurement from U.S. citizens. Moreover, licensees are required to conduct risk assessments, implement safeguards, include cybersecurity risks in the enterprise risk management process, and pr
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
vide personnel with cybersecurity awareness training regularly. States may also require covered entities to conform to industry-recognized cybersecurity frameworks and comply with specific laws such as HIPAA and the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act to ensure the ef
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ectiveness of addressing cloud computing risks}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid11077473 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid11077473 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e50000000000000000000000002065
59b2f5ddda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}