{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8194533}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr13\min18}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr13\min18}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages14}{\nofwords5513}{\nofchars31428}{\nofcharsws36868}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot8194533 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8194533 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q12. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid8194533 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 How do states address cybersecurity training and awareness programs for organizations}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid8194533 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid5770257 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid8194533 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid8194533 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line 5. Arizona \line 6. Colorado \line 
7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 10. Rhode Island \line 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 18. Oregon \line 
19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. South Carolina \line 23. Indiana \line 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 K\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ansas \line 
28. Arkansas \line 29. Idaho \line 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 40. Alabama \line 
41. North Dakota \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. N\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w Mexico \line 46. Kentucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 50. Illinois 
\line \line New Hampshire: \line According to RSA 420 -P:4 legislation in New Hampshire, states address cybersecurity training and awareness programs for organizations as follows: \line \line III. W\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ile performing risk assessment, the licensee shall: \line - Provide its personnel with cybersecurity awareness training that is updated as necessary to reflect risks identified by the licensee in the risk assessment. \line 
\line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420-P_4.pdf \line \line Delaware: \line \hich\f1 According to 18 Del. C. \'a7\loch\f1  8604: \line \line 
(e) Oversight by board of directors. \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  If a licensee has a board of directors, the board or an appropriate committee of the board shall, at a minimum, do all of the fol\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 owing: \line (5) Provide the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s personnel with cybersecurity awareness training that is updated as necessary to reflect risks that the licensee identified in the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote 
\loch\f1 s risk assessment under this section. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 D\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 elaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8604.pdf \line \line Virginia: \line \hich\f1 
According to Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  2.2 -2009: \line 1. Training activities consist of activities, case studies, hypothetical situations, and other methods of instruction. \line 2. Employees should focus on forming good\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 information security habits and procedures and learning best practices for detecting, assessing, reporting, and addressing information security threats. \line 
3. State agencies are required to provide annual information security training for each employee usin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  a curriculum and materials developed by the CIO. \line 
4. Employees must complete the training within 30 days of initial employment and by January 31 each year thereafter. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-623.
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  2.2-2009.pdf \line \line New York: \line \hich\f1 According to NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1  103: \line 
15. To conduct selective evaluations of technology activities in state agencies; and \line \line References: \line 1) Current\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 
NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1  103.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Government\\\hich\f1 NY CLS Exec \'a7\loch\f1  709.pdf \line \line Arizona: \line \hich\f1 According to Washington Laws Rev. Code \'a7\loch\f1  40A.30.100: 
\line States may require the follow\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ng with respect to cybersecurity training and awareness programs: \line 1. Each state agency shall develop and implement training and awareness programs; 
\line 2. The Office of Cybersecurity shall develop and distribute training and awareness program materials; \line 3.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
The requirements for the programs established by the state agency shall include specific cybersecurity subjects. \line 4. All state agency employees must complete training programs based on the adopted standards; \line 
5. The agency must report on the completion of\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 training to the Office of Cybersecurity. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\Policies\\Washington\\
Revised Code\\Rev. Code _ Title 40A.pdf \line \line Colorado: \line States address cybersecurity training and awareness programs for organizations by allocat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ng appropriated funds to institutions of higher education participating in cybersecurity and distributed ledger technologies for scholarships for students involved in cybersecurity work. The institutions must ensure that a certain percentage of the alloca
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ed funds is used for scholarships, with different requirements based on the amount of funding received. The department of higher education, in collaboration with the institutions, prepares an annual report on the progress towards cybersecurity goals, incl
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ding faculty hiring, internships, degrees awarded, scholarships, presentations, and funds raised. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\
C.R.S. 24-33.5-1905.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\C.R.S. 24-33.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 -1904.pdf \line \line Georgia: \line \hich\f1 According to O.C.G.A. \'a7\loch\f1  50-18-72: 
\line \line 3(a)(4) Records of law enforcement, prosecution, or regulatory agencies in any pending investigation or prosecution of criminal or unlawful activity, other than initial police arrest reports and in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tial incident reports. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\State Government\\O.C.G.A. _ 50-18-72.pdf \line \line Vermont: \line 
States address cybersecurity training and awareness programs by ensuring Vermont promotes, attracts, and retains a highly skill\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
d cybersecurity workforce, raising citizen awareness through outreach and public service announcements, and providing technical capabilities, training, and advice to local government and the private sector. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Verm\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nt\\Cybersecurity\\\hich\f1 20 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4662.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Government\\\hich\f1 3A V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1 
 20-55.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Financial\\\hich\f1 8 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4728.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Government\\\hich\f1 3A V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  3-83.pdf \line \line Wyomin
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 : \line \hich\f1 
States address cybersecurity training and awareness programs for organizations by requiring clear and conspicuous notice in the event of a data breach, as outlined in Wyo. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 40-12-502. The notice must include specific elements such as a toll-free\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
number for contacting the data collector, types of compromised personal information, breach incident details, breach date, actions taken to enhance security, advice for vigilance, and disclosure of any notification delays due to law enforcement investigat
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ons. \line \line References: \line \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wyoming\\Data Breach Notification\\\hich\f1 Wyo. Stat. -\'ba\loch\f1  40-12-502.pdf \line \line Rhode Island: \line 
States address cybersecurity training and awareness programs for organizations by establishing a cybersecurity incident respons\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  group, as outlined in R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1 
 42-7-9. This group includes key officials from various state agencies and organizations to handle cybersecurity breaches effectively. The group is responsible for establishing communication protocols, identifying po\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ential breaches, communicating breaches to relevant parties, and developing long-term policy planning to address evolving cybersecurity threats. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\
Government\\\hich\f1 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  42-7-9.pdf \line \line Nebraska: \line A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 cording to Hawaii Rev. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  487R-2: \line 
1. Organizations have to provide their employees and authorized users with cybersecurity training and awareness programs that include: \line a. Training in the secure and proper use of information technology resources. b.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 Information regarding the security risks of information technology resources; \line c. Techniques to identify and defend against information technology security risks; and \line 
d. The obligations, responsibilities, and risks of authorized users and organizations \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n safeguarding information technology resources. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\
UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 Hawaii Rev. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  487R-2.pdf \line \line Nevada: \line States address cybersecurity training and aware\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ess programs for organizations by requiring the Office to develop and publish a statewide strategic plan that includes policies, procedures, best practices, and recommendations for preparing for and mitigating risks to information systems, protecting the 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ecurity of information systems, and responding to threats and attacks in Nevada. The strategic plan also covers safeguarding personal information, investing in cybersecurity technologies, and promoting information sharing among relevant entities. Addition
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
lly, state government agencies with cybersecurity policies must periodically test their employees' adherence to the policy and report the results to the Office for consideration in updating the statewide strategic plan. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ity Law\\Nevada\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.930.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Government\\\hich\f1 
Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  236.090.pdf \line \line Michigan: \line States address cybersecurity training and awareness programs for organizations by mandating tha\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 licensees with a board of directors must ensure their executive management or delegates develop, implement, and maintain an information security program. The board or an appropriate committee must receive annual written reports on the status of the progr
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
m, material matters such as risk assessment and cybersecurity events, and any recommendations for changes. Additionally, personnel are to be provided with cybersecurity awareness training that is regularly updated to address identified risks. \line \line 
Reference:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS _ 500.555.pdf \line \line Florida: \line \hich\f1 According to Fla. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  282.318: \line \line 
(3)(e) states: "In collaboration with the Cybercrime Office of the Department of Law Enforcement, annually provide training for state agency \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nformation security managers and computer security incident response team members that contains training on cybersecurity, including cybersecurity threats, trends, and best practices." \line \line 
(3)(g) further elaborates: "Annually provide cybersecurity training \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
o all state agency technology professionals and employees with access to highly sensitive information which develops, assesses, and documents competencies by role and skill level. The cybersecurity training curriculum must include training on the identifi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ation of each cybersecurity incident severity level referenced in sub-subparagraph (c)9.a." \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Information Technology\\
Fla. Stat. _ 282.318.pdf \line \line Missouri: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. VEH. Code \'a7\loch\f1  25751.5: \line 1. States m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y also address cybersecurity training through training and awareness programs for organizations (subsection e). \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Transportation\\
\hich\f1 Cal. VEH. Code \'a7\loch\f1  25751.5.pdf \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Wisconsin: \line \hich\f1 According to Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952: \line \line 4. Program adjustments. \line 
The licensee shall monitor, evaluate, and adjust the information security program under sub. (1) consistent with changes in technology, the sensitivity of the nonpublic information,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
internal and external threats to nonpublic information, and changes to the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s business operations, outsourcing arrangements, and information systems. If a licensee identifies areas, systems, or processes that require material improvement, updating,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 or redesign, the licensee shall document the identification and remedial efforts to address the areas, systems, or processes. The licensee shall maintain the documentation for a period of at least 5 years starting from the date the documentation was crea
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ed and shall produce the documentation upon demand of the commissioner. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 601.952.pdf \line \line Tennessee: \line States like Tennessee address cybersecurity training and awareness programs for \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rganizations by requiring licensees to develop, implement, and maintain information security programs. Executive management or delegates must report annually on the status of the program and compliance with relevant regulations. Additionally, insurers dom
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ciled in Tennessee must submit written certifications of compliance annually, maintain supporting records for five years, and document efforts to address any identified areas requiring improvement. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Ins\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rance\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Education\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7
\loch\f1  49-6-805.pdf \line \line Oregon: \line States address cybersecurity training and awareness programs for organizations by establishing a statewide advisory body thro\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
gh Legislation code ORS \'a7\loch\f1 
 276A.555. The center created by this legislation serves as an advisory body to the Legislative Assembly, Governor, and State Chief Information Officer on cybersecurity issues for various entities. It provides information and best
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
practices on cybersecurity, coordinates information sharing on threats, risks, and incidents, and promotes public awareness. Additionally, the center encourages the development of Oregon's cybersecurity workforce by identifying needs, fostering workforce 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rograms' growth, assisting in curriculum standardization, and building awareness of career opportunities. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\
Information Technology\\\hich\f1 ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555.pdf \line \line Connecticut: \line States address cybersecurity training an\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 awareness programs for organizations by requiring covered entities to adhere to industry-recognized cybersecurity frameworks and specific security requirements, such as those outlined in federal laws like the Health Insurance Portability and Accountabili
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y Act and the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Additionally, covered entities must comply with standards like the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard and maintain cybersecurity programs aligned with relevant frameworks. \line \line References: \line 
1. Current Cybersecu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ity Law\\Connecticut\\Business Practices\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 42-901.pdf (Context 1) \line 2. C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Connecticut\\Business Practices\\Conn. Gen. Stat._42-901.pdf (Context 2) \line 3. C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 R\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 esearch\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Insurance\\
Conn. Gen. Stat._38a-38.pdf (Context 3) \line 4. C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Insurance\\Conn. Gen. Stat._38a-38.pdf (Context 4) \line \line Mississippi: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tates address cybersecurity training and awareness programs for organizations by requiring each state agency's executive director or agency head to participate in annual information security training. This training aims to ensure that these individuals un
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
erstand various aspects of cybersecurity, such as information systems used by the agency, potential impacts of cyber-attacks and data breaches, prevention measures, and reporting requirements. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Mississippi\\Govern\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ent\\Miss. Code Ann. _ 25-53-201.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Insurance\\Miss. Code Ann. __ 83-5-807.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line 
States address cybersecurity training and awareness programs for organizations by requiring covered entities to establish \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nd maintain a written cybersecurity program aimed at safeguarding information, anticipating threats, preventing unauthorized access leading to identity theft or fraud, and tailored to factors like entity size, activities, information sensitivity, and avai
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 able resources. The cybersecurity program must be regularly reviewed, evaluated, and updated on an annual basis. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oklahoma\\
Hospital Cybersecurity Protection Act\\\hich\f1 18 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f1  2070.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity La\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Oklahoma\\Hospital Cybersecurity Protection Act\\\hich\f1 18 Okl. St. \'a7
\loch\f1  2071.pdf \line \line South Carolina: \line \hich\f1 According to S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20: \line \line (E) If the licensee has a board of directors, the board or an appropriate committee of the board shall, at a minimum: \line (a) 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 equire the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s executive management or its delegates to develop, implement, and maintain the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s information security program; and \line (b) require the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s executive management or its delegates to report in writing at least annually: \line (i)\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
the overall status of the information security program and the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s compliance with this chapter; and \line 
(ii) material matters related to the information security program addressing issues such as risk assessment, risk management and control decisions,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 third-party service provider arrangements, testing results, cybersecurity events or violations and management\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s responses, and recommendations for changes in the information security program. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\Ins\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rance\\\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20.pdf \line \line Indiana: \line \hich\f1 According to Burns Ind. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 27-2-27-18: \line 1. Design its information security program to mitigate the identified risks, commensurate with: \line (A) the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s size and complexity; \line (B) the nature and s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ope of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s activities; and \line (C) the sensitivity of the nonpublic information in the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s control. \line 
2. Provide personnel with cybersecurity awareness training that is updated as necessary to reflect risks identified in the risk assessment.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Insurance\\Burns Ind. Code Ann. _ 27-2-27-18.pdf \line \line Utah: \line 
States address cybersecurity training and awareness programs for organizations by collaborating with various entities and individuals, including t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e Cybersecurity Commission, the Office of the Attorney General, the Utah Education and Telehealth Network, federal partners, information sharing and analysis centers, political subdivisions, and necessary persons determined by the division. The Cyber Cent
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 r, as per Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 63A-16-1102, is mandated to promote cybersecurity best practices, share cyber threat intelligence, serve as the state cybersecurity incident response repository, develop incident response plans, coordinate cybersecurity resilien
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e practices, identify funding sources for cybersecurity improvements, establish a sharing platform for resources, and partner with educational and private sector institutions to enhance the state's cyber resilience. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-16-1102.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Cybersecurity Affirmative Defense Act\\\hich\f1 
Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  78B-4-703.pdf \line \line West Virginia: \line States address cybersecurity training and awareness programs for organizations t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
rough various requirements outlined in W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 5A-6B-4. These include undergoing cyber risk assessments, adhering to cybersecurity standards set by the Chief Information Security Officer, following enterprise cybersecurity policies, managing cyberse\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
urity policies and procedures, submitting exception requests for cybersecurity policies, completing cyber risk self-assessment reports, developing action plans based on assessment findings, and submitting annual reports on cybersecurity readiness. This co
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 prehensive approach aims to ensure the safety of user data and promote information technology modernization. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\
Government\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-4.pdf \line \line Maryland: \line According to Md. State Finance and Pro\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 urement Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  3.5-2A.04: \line \line 
(e) (8) manage security awareness training for all appropriate employees of units of State government; \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Government\\Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.5-2A.04.
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 pdf \line \line Kansas: \line \hich\f1 States address cybersecurity training and awareness programs for organizations through Legislation code K.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1 
 75-7240. This includes requirements for annual information technology security training for employees with IT access, disabling\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
login credentials on the same day an employee leaves, and the development of a self-assessment report template by the CISO with input from relevant committees. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\
K.S.A. _ 75-7240.pdf \line 2) Current \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\K.S.A. _ 75-7239.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\K.S.A. _ 75-7244.pdf \line \line 
Arkansas: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code Division 7, Part 4, \'a7\loch\f1  1798.146: \line 1. Each state agency shall: \line a. Implement a cyber\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ecurity workforce awareness program for state employees and use training courses and materials on cybersecurity awareness and shall implement a program that is comprised of best practices in the field of cybersecurity. Agencies shall ensure that employees
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 at all levels are provided with access to cybersecurity awareness programs. \line \line 
2. The government entity may contract with a private firm for the development of the cybersecurity workforce awareness program. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\Transpo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tation Cybersecurity Legislations\\\hich\f1 California Civil Code Division 7, Part 4, \'a7\loch\f1  1798.146.pdf \line \line Idaho: \line \hich\f1 According to Idaho Code \'a7\loch\f1  67-827A: \line 
3) To coordinate with state agencies and officials to ensure that state agencies implement mandatory education and tra\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ning of state employees and provide guidance on appropriate levels of training for various classifications of state employees. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Idaho\\Government\\Idaho Code _ 67-827A.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Idaho\\Govern\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ent\\Idaho Code _ 67-827.pdf \line \line North Carolina: \line \hich\f1 According to N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1379: \line 
a) The head of each principal department and Council of State agency shall cooperate with the State CIO in the discharge of the State CIO\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s duties by providing the f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
llowing information to the Department: \line (5) Completing mandatory annual security awareness training and reporting compliance for all personnel, including contractors and other users of State information technology systems. \line \line References: 
\line 1) Current Cybers\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 curity Law\\North Carolina\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1379.pdf \line \line Texas: \line 
States address cybersecurity training and awareness programs for organizations through the certification of at least five cybersecurity training programs annually f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
r state and local government employees. These programs focus on forming information security habits and procedures, as well as teaching best practices for detecting, assessing, reporting, and addressing information security threats. The Department may ide
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tify and certify training programs provided by state agencies and local governments, and may also contract with an independent third party for certification. The list of certified cybersecurity training programs is published annually on the department's w
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 bsite. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2054.519.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\
\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2054.5191.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Education\\\hich\f1 Tex. Educ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  28.002.pdf \line 4) Current Cyb\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rsecurity Law\\Texas
\\Education\\\hich\f1 Tex. Educ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  11.175.pdf \line \line California: \line \hich\f1 According to Wash. Rev. Code \'a7\loch\f1  39.58.180: \line 
1. A state agency may develop and oversee cybersecurity training and awareness programs for organizations. \line 2. State governments may parti\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ipate in multi-state collaborations engaged in enhancing cybersecurity training and awareness programs for organizations. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\
Revised Code\\\hich\f1 Wash. Rev. Code \'a7\loch\f1  39.5\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 8\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 .180.pdf \line \line Montana: \line 
States address cybersecurity training and awareness programs for organizations by requiring businesses to disclose any breach of their data system to affected individuals residing in Montana. Organizations must immediately notify the 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
wner or licensee if personal information is believed to have been acquired by an unauthorized person. Notification may be delayed if it hinders a criminal investigation. Personal information includes sensitive data elements like social security numbers an
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  driver\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s license numbers. Breach notifications can be provided through various methods such as written, electronic, telephonic, or substitute notice. Businesses with their own notification procedures as part of their information security policy are deeme
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 compliant. Coordination with consumer credit reporting agencies is necessary if individuals can obtain their file copies from them. Businesses must submit an electronic copy of the notification to the attorney general's office if required. \line \line 
\line References:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Montana\\Identity Theft\\30-14-1704 Computer security breach.pdf \line \line Massachusetts: \line 
States address cybersecurity training and awareness programs for organizations by focusing on improving cybersecurity for entities like municipa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ities, small businesses, and non-profits that lack affordable resources to defend against cyber threats. Additionally, they address the shortage of trained cybersecurity professionals and the need for diverse workforce inclusion in the industry, along wit
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  the lack of affordable training for employees in various businesses. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Government\\ALM GL ch. 40J, _ 6J.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Government\\ALM GL ch. 40J, _ 4H.pdf \line 3) Current\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 3.pdf \line 
4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Government\\ALM GL ch. 40J, _ 4G.pdf \line \line Iowa: \line \hich\f1 According to Iowa Code \'a7\loch\f1  507F.4: \line \line 4. Based on the risk assessment conducted pursuant to subsection 3,
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  a licensee shall do all of the following: \line e. Provide the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s personnel with cybersecurity awareness training that is updated as necessary to reflect risks identified by the licensee
\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s risk assessment. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\I\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 wa\\Insurance\\Iowa Code _ 507F.4.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\
Commerce\\Iowa Code _ 554G.3.pdf \line \line New Jersey: \line \hich\f1 According to N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  52:17B -193.3: \line e. The cyber incident reporting system shall permit the New Jersey Office of Homeland Security 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nd Preparedness to: \line 
(1) securely accept a cybersecurity incident notification from any individual or private entity, regardless of whether the entity is a public agency or government contractor; \line (2) track and identify trends in cybersecurity incidents r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ported through the cyber incident reporting system; and \line 
(3) produce reports on the types of incidents, indicators, defensive measures, and entities reported through the cyber incident reporting system. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jerse\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\\
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Government\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  52_17B-193.3.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Utilities\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  58_31-4.1.pdf \line \line Washington: \line 
States address cybersecurity training and awareness programs for organizations through the establishment of security sta\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
dards and policies to protect information technology systems and infrastructure. The office of cybersecurity in Washington, as outlined in Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1 
 43.105.450, has primary duties that include setting security standards and policies, provid\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ng guidance to agencies, serving as a resource for local governments, developing cybersecurity service catalogs, and collaborating with state agencies. Additionally, each state agency is required to develop an information technology security program consi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tent with the office's standards and policies, review and update the program annually, certify compliance, and provide a list of cybersecurity business needs and metrics to the office. \line 
\line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\Rev.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450(2).pdf \line \line Louisiana: \line 
States address cybersecurity training and awareness programs for organizations by implementing training programs designed to enhance information security habits, procedures, and best practices for detect\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ng, assessing, reporting, and addressing cybersecurity threats. The Department of State Civil Service in Louisiana is responsible for developing and providing cybersecurity awareness training for state agencies, with assistance from the office of technolo
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y services. Additionally, each state and local agency must identify employees with access to information technology assets and mandate completion of cybersecurity training within the first thirty days of service. Contractors with access to government IT a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sets must also undergo cybersecurity training during the contract term. Compliance with training requirements is monitored through verification by agency heads and periodic internal reviews. 
\line \line **Reference**: Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Government\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a. R.S. _ 42_1267.pdf \line \line Maine: \line \hich\f1 According to 24-A M.R.S. \'a7\loch\f1  2264: \line 
1. Provide its personnel with cybersecurity awareness training that is updated as necessary to reflect risks identified by the licensee in its risk assessment. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cyb\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rsecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf \line \line Alabama: \line \hich\f1 According to Mich. Comp. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  24.252: \line 
1. The legislature finds that more than 75 percent of organizations need government help to improve their cybersecurity. As a response, states are ad\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ressing the need for workforce improvement through cybersecurity training and awareness programs for organizations. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Legislation\\
\hich\f1 Mich. Comp. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  24.252.pdf \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 North Dakota: \line \hich\f1 According to N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-03: \line 
5. If the licensee has a board of directors, the board or an appropriate committee of the board at a minimum shall: \line a. Require the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s executive management or the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s delegates t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  develop, implement, and maintain the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s information security program. \line b. Require the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s executive management or the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s delegates to report the following information in writing on an annual basis: \line (1) The overall status of the in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ormation security program and the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s compliance with the provisions of this chapter; and \line 
(2) Material matters related to the information security program, addressing issues, including risk assessment, risk management and control decisions, third-\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
arty service provider arrangements, results of testing, cybersecurity events, or violations, and management\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s responses and recommendations for changes in the information security program. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Insurance\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-03.pdf \line \line Alaska: \line \hich\f1 According to NH Rev Stat \'a7\loch\f1  144:50: \line 
1. The commissioner shall, subject to the rules of the commissioner of administrative services, develop cybersecurity training and awareness programs and guidelines for sta\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e employees. \line 
2. The commissioner shall also promote the development and implementation of cybersecurity training and awareness programs by state agencies and coordinate with other state agencies and organizations to provide cybersecurity training and awa
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 eness programs to municipalities, school districts, and other local government entities. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Revised Statutes\\NH Rev Stat _ 144-50.pdf \line \line Ohio: \line According to O\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 R\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C Ann. 3965.02: \line 
A licensee shall provide its personnel with cybersecurity awareness training that is updated as necessary to reflect risks identified by the licensee in the risk assessment. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\
ORC A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n. 3965.02.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Commercial Transactions\\ORC Ann. 1354.03.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Commercial Transactions\\
ORC Ann. 1354.02.pdf \line \line Pennsylvania: \line \hich\f1 According to 40 Pa.C.S. \'a7\loch\f1  4513: \line 5) Provide its personnel with \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ybersecurity awareness training that is updated as necessary to reflect risks identified by the licensee in the risk assessment. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1  4513.pdf \line 
\line New Mexico: \line \hich\f1 According to N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 9\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 -27A-3: \line 
(11) develop and issue cybersecurity awareness policies and training standards and develop and offer cybersecurity training services. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.M. Stat. Ann. 
\'a7\loch\f1  9-27A-3.pdf \line \line Ke\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tucky: \line 
The response outlines that the Commonwealth Office of Technology in Kentucky plays a key role in developing cybersecurity frameworks and governance structures for state executive branch agencies. This includes identifying key infrastructure compon
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nts, establishing security benchmarks, implementing security assessments, and creating a cyber security incident response plan. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Kentucky\\Finance\\KRS _ 42.726.pdf \line \line Hawaii: \line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code \'a7\loch\f1  128B-1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 of Hawaii Cybersecurity Law: \line \line 
(a) There is established the full-time Hawaii cybersecurity, economic, education, and infrastructure security coordinator to oversee cybersecurity and cyber resiliency matters, including cybersecurity, economic, education, a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d infrastructure security for the State. The coordinator shall be placed within the department of law enforcement. \line \line 
(d) Notwithstanding any law to the contrary, the coordinator, through its various partnerships, shall develop the requirements and methods\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 for: \line 
(1) Improving cyber resiliency within the State through the development of a structure that shall include education, cybersecurity, and critical infrastructure protection; \line (7) Expanding the State\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s cybersecurity and cyber resiliency understanding a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d workforce through education. \line \line 
(e) The coordinator may request the assistance of other departments, agencies, and private companies, both inside and outside of the State to carry out its duties. \line \line For the purposes of this section, "Cyber resiliency" sha
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l mean the ability to complete vulnerability assessments, identify potential cyber-attacks, mitigate losses from cyber-attacks, and recover quickly and efficiently from cyber-attacks. \line 
\line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cy\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Communications\\HRS_128B-1.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line \hich\f1 
According to Minn. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  60A.9851: \line \line Subdivision 4. Risk management. \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  Based on its risk assessment, the licensee shall: \line - design its information security program to mitigate the identif
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ed risks, commensurate with the size and complexity of the licensee, the nature and scope of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s activities, including its use of third -party service providers, and the sensitivity of the nonpublic information used by the licensee or in the li\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s possession, custody, or control. \line - determine which of the following security measures are appropriate and implement any appropriate security measures, including providing personnel with cybersecurity awareness training that is updated as necessar
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  to reflect risks identified by the licensee in the risk assessment. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Insurance\\Minn. Stat. _ 60A.9851.pdf \line \line 
South Dakota: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.80: \line 1. Each state agency shall desi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nate a Chief Information Security Officer to coordinate the state agency\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s information security program. \line 
2. Each agency shall annually take measures to protect its information systems and the information processed, stored, or transmitted by those systems.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 
3. Include a comprehensive information security training and awareness program in their cybersecurity plans. \line 4. This program shall be designed to create heightened awareness in the everyday function of an organization\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s workforce. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 U\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sers\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\State Agencies\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 1798.80.pdf \line \line Illinois: \line According to legislation code 20 ILCS 1375/5 -30: \line \line Every employee of a county or municipality shall annually complete a c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
bersecurity training program. The training shall include, but need not be limited to, detecting phishing scams, preventing spyware infections and identity theft, and preventing and responding to data breaches. The Department shall make available to each c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 unty and municipality a training program for employees that complies with the content requirements of this Section. A county or municipality may create its own cybersecurity training program. 
\line \line History: \line \line \hich\f1 2022 P.A. 102 -753, \'a7\loch\f1  15, effective January 1, 202\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 . \line Illinois Compiled Statutes Annotated \line \hich\f1 Copyright \'a9\loch\f1 
 2024 All rights reserved. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Government\\20 ILCS 1375_5-30.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_10.pdf \line \line States address cybe
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
security training and awareness programs for organizations by providing personnel with cybersecurity awareness training that is updated as necessary to reflect risks identified by the licensee in the risk assessment. This includes developing and implement
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ng training programs, ensuring compliance with regulations, and reporting on the status of the program annually. Additionally, various methods such as training activities, case studies, and hypothetical situations are utilized to form good information sec
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rity habits and procedures, along with preparing annual reports on progress towards cybersecurity goals. Moreover, states may allocate funds to institutions of higher education for scholarships in cybersecurity and distributed ledger technologies, and est
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 blish incident response groups to handle cybersecurity breaches effectively}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid8194533 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8194533 

\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e50000000000000000000000000024
d4edf5ddda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}