{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1071996}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr13\min19}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr13\min19}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages15}{\nofwords6197}{\nofchars35324}{\nofcharsws41439}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot1071996 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid1071996 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q13. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid1071996 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 How do states define and regulate cybersecurity incident response plans for organizations}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid1071996 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9517189 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid1071996 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid1071996 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. Ohio \line 2. North Carolina \line 3. Connecticut \line 4. California \line 5. South Dakota \line 6. Alaska \line 
7. Nebraska \line 8. New Hampshire \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 9. Tennessee \line 10. Illinois \line 11. Idaho \line 12. Montana \line 13. Rhode Island \line 14. Indiana \line 15. Vermont \line 16. Minnesota \line 17. Colorado \line 18. Nevada 
\line 19. Alabama \line 20. North Dakota \line 21. Hawaii \line 22. New York \line 23. Texas \line 24. Wisconsin \line 25. Oklahoma \line 26. Iowa \line 27. Oregon \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 28. Delaware \line 29. Maryland \line 30. Utah \line 
31. Missouri \line 32. Wyoming \line 33. Kansas \line 34. South Carolina \line 35. Maine \line 36. Pennsylvania \line 37. Michigan \line 38. Virginia \line 39. New Mexico \line 40. Washington \line 41. West Virginia \line 42. Kentucky \line 43. Arkansas 
\line 44. New Jersey \line 45. Ma\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sachusetts \line 46. Arizona \line 47. Louisiana \line 48. Mississippi \line 49. Georgia \line 50. Florida \line \line Ohio: \line 
According to ORC Ann. 3965.02: \line (H) (1) As part of its information security program, each licensee shall establish a written incident response plan designed to prom\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tly respond to, and recover from, any cybersecurity event that compromises the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of nonpublic information in its possession, the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s information systems, or the continuing functionality of any aspect of the\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s business or operations. \line 
(H) (2) The incident response plan described in division (H) (1) of this section shall address all of the following areas: \line (a) The internal process for responding to a cybersecurity event; \line (b) The goals of the inciden
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  response plan; \line (c) The definition of clear roles, responsibilities, and levels of decision-making authority; \line (d) External and internal communications and information sharing; 
\line (e) Identification of requirements for the remediation of any identified wea\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 k\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nesses in information systems and associated controls; \line 
(f) Documentation and reporting regarding cybersecurity events and related incident response activities; \line (g) The evaluation and revision as necessary of the incident response plan following a cybers\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 curity event. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\ORC Ann. 3965.04.pdf \line \line North Carolina: \line \hich\f1 According to N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  166A-19.12: \line \line 
11) Making recommendations, as appropriate, for zoning, building, and other land-use controls, an\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 safety measures for securing mobile homes or other nonpermanent or semipermanent works designed to protect against or mitigate the effects of an emergency. \line \line 
12) Coordination of the use of existing means of communications and supplementing communications\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
resources and integrating them into a comprehensive State or State-federal telecommunications or other communications system or network. \line \line 
23) Coordination with the State Chief Information Officer and the Adjutant General to manage statewide response to c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
bersecurity incidents and significant cybersecurity incidents as defined by G.S. 143B-1320. This includes, but is not limited to: \line 
a. Development and promulgation of necessary policies, plans, and procedures for cybersecurity and critical infrastructure p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 otection; and \line 
b. Annual review, update, and testing of cybersecurity incident response plans and procedures. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\Emergency Management\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  166A-19.12.pdf \line 
\line Connecticut: \line According to Con\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 . Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  38a-38: \line \line 
1. Organizations must establish a written incident response plan as part of the information security program to promptly respond to cybersecurity events that compromise nonpublic information or information systems. \line \line 2. The incide
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
t response plan should include internal processes for responding to cybersecurity events, clear roles and responsibilities, external and internal communications, remediation efforts, documentation and reporting, and evaluation and revision after each even
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 . \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Insurance\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 38a-38.pdf \line \line California: \line 
I am sorry, but the given context did not provide any specific information regarding how states define and regulate cybersecurity incident res\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
onse plans for organizations. Therefore, I am unable to provide an answer based on the available information. \line \line References: \line \line South Dakota: \line 
States define and regulate cybersecurity incident response plans for organizations by allowing executive or closed\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 meetings under S.D. Codified Laws \'a7\loch\f1 
 1-25-2 to discuss information related to the protection of public or private property in the context of cybersecurity. This includes details such as cyber security plans, computer systems, communication networks, passwo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ds, personnel lists, emergency response protocols, security audits, weapon and ammunition locations, and more. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Dakota\\Government\\\hich\f1 
S.D. Codified Laws \'a7\loch\f1  1-25-2.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Dakota\\G\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 vernment\\\hich\f1 S.D. Codified Laws \'a7\loch\f1  1-27-1.5.pdf \line \line Alaska: \line 
I am sorry, but I currently do not have any information pertaining to states' definition and regulation of cybersecurity incident response plans for organizations. If you provide me with relevant conte\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 x
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t from specific legislations or sources, I will be able to assist you further. \line \line Nebraska: \line 
States define and regulate cybersecurity incident response plans for organizations by establishing definitions for terms such as civil defense emergency, critical \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
nfrastructure utility worker, disaster, emergency, priority access, utility, and utility system. These definitions are outlined in R.R.S. Neb. \'a7\loch\f1 
 81-829.01, which provides clarity on the roles and responsibilities related to cybersecurity incidents in Nebr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ska. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nebraska\\
Government\\\hich\f1 R.R.S. Neb. \'a7\loch\f1  81-829.01.pdf \line \line New Hampshire: \line States regulate cybersecurity incident response plans for organizations by requiring licensees to establish a written incident response plan
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
that promptly addresses and recovers from any cybersecurity event affecting nonpublic information, information systems, or business operations. The plan must include processes for internal response, goals, role definitions, communication protocols, remedi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tion requirements, documentation, reporting, and plan evaluation and revision post-event. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420-P_4.pdf 
\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420-P_6.pdf \line 3) Current\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420-P_5.pdf \line \line Tennessee: \line 
States regulate cybersecurity incident response plans for organizations by requiring licensees to establish a written incident response plan as part of their information security prog\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
am, designed to promptly respond to and recover from cybersecurity events compromising nonpublic information or information systems. The plan must address internal processes, goals, roles and responsibilities, communication protocols, remediation requirem
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nts, documentation/reporting, and plan evaluation. (Reference: Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004.pdf) \line \line Illinois: 
\line States define and regulate cybersecurity incident response plans for organizations by requiring lice\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
sees to establish a written incident response plan that addresses internal processes, goals, roles and responsibilities, communications, remediation requirements, documentation/reporting, and plan evaluation. This is outlined in section 215 ILCS 215/10 of
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 the Illinois Cybersecurity Law for Insurance. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_10.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois
\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_20.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 215_15.pdf \line \line Idaho: \line \hich\f1 According to Idaho Code \'a7\loch\f1  67-827A: 
\line 1. The office of information technology services is authorized to oversee implementation of cybersecurity policies to foster risk and cybersecurity management telecommunications and decision-making \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ith both internal and external organizational stakeholders. \line 2. The office shall coordinate with state agencies and officials regarding information security needs. \line 
3. The office shall coordinate with state agencies and officials on penetration tests and \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ulnerability scans of state technology systems to identify steps to mitigate identified risks. \line 
4. The office shall ensure that state agencies implement mandatory education and training of state employees and provide guidance on appropriate levels of trai\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ing for various classifications of state employees. \line 
5. The office shall create, coordinate, publish, routinely update, and market a statewide cybersecurity website as an information repository for intelligence-sharing and cybersecurity best practices. \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 R
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 eferences: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Idaho\\Government\\Idaho Code _ 67-827A.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Idaho\\Government\\Idaho Code _ 67-827.pdf \line \line Montana: \line 
According to the Michigan Cyber Civilian Corps Act, 2017 PA 123: \line 1. Organizations in the\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 state of Michigan are required to develop and maintain a cybersecurity incident response plan. 
\line 2. The plan must "meet or exceed the National Institute of Standards and Technology\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s (NIST) framework for improving critical infrastructure cybersecurity." \line 3.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 The plan should outline the organization's incident response procedures and include methods for communication and coordination during a cybersecurity incident. \line 
4. In the case of a cybersecurity incident, organizations must follow their incident response\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 plan to mitigate the impact of the incident. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box
\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Michigan Cyber Civilian Corps Act, 2017 PA 123.pdf \line \line Rhode Island: \line \hich\f1 According to R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  42-7-9: \line (b) The\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cybersecurity incident response group shall: \line (1) Establish communication protocols in the event of a breach of cybersecurity in any agency or public body. The protocols shall include, but not be limited to: \line 
(i) A list of potential cybersecurity breaches\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 that would require reporting; \line (ii) State and local entities covered within the communication plan; \line 
(iii) Mechanisms to communicate a cybersecurity breach in a timely manner to members of the public and other relevant parties who may be affected by the b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 each; \line 
(iv) Primary contact at each agency or public body. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\Government\\\hich\f1 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  42-7-9.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\Criminal\\
\hich\f1 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  11-49.3-7.pdf \line \line Indiana: \line State\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 define and regulate cybersecurity incident response plans for organizations by requiring licensees to promptly investigate cybersecurity events involving nonpublic information, determine the nature and scope of the event, and restore compromised informat
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
on systems' security to prevent further unauthorized acquisition, release, or use of nonpublic information. Licensees must maintain records of cybersecurity events for at least five years, notify the commissioner within three business days if an event cou
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
d materially harm consumers or normal operations, provide detailed information about the event to the commissioner, update the commissioner on any changes related to the event, and comply with applicable laws including providing consumer notices as requir
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Insurance\\Burns Ind. Code Ann. _ 27-2-27-21.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Insurance\\
Burns Ind. Code Ann. _ 27-2-27-20.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Consumer Protection\\Burns In\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 . Code Ann. _ 4-13.1-1-1.5.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\
Insurance\\Burns Ind. Code Ann. _ 27-2-27-18.pdf \line \line Vermont: \line States regulate cybersecurity incident response plans for organizations by requiring licensees to establish a written incident\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
response plan as part of their information security program. The plan should address various areas, including internal processes for response, goals, roles and responsibilities, communications, remediation requirements, documentation and reporting, and pl
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 n evaluation and revision. This regulation is outlined in Vermont Statutes Annotated, Title 8 Banking and Insurance, Legislation code: 8 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4728. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Financial\\\hich\f1 8 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4728.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ity Law\\Vermont\\Cybersecurity\\\hich\f1 20 V.S.A. \'a7
\loch\f1  4662.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line \hich\f1 States define and regulate cybersecurity incident response plans for organizations through legislation such as Minn. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 60A.9851. The statute mandates that licensees must establish a wr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tten incident response plan to quickly address and recover from cybersecurity events affecting nonpublic information, information systems, or business operations. The plan should include internal processes, goals, roles, communication strategies, remediat
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 on requirements, documentation, and post-incident plan evaluation. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Insurance\\Minn. Stat. _ 60A.9851.pdf \line \line 
Colorado: \line According to C.R.S. 24-33.5-1905: \line 1) A university may partner with a nonprofit orga\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ization to establish a secure environment for research and development in cybersecurity initiatives. \line 
2) The partnership may involve creating a business plan to develop a secure facility, exploring collaborations with other institutions, and establishing \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
elationships with federally funded research and development corporations. \line 3) The university must participate in these activities upon the approval of the board of regents. \line 
4) The department of higher education shall allocate money to institutions partic\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 pating in cybersecurity activities and ensure a percentage is used for scholarships. \line 
5) The department, in consultation with the governing board, shall prepare reports showing progress made toward specific goals. \line 6) The reports shall include data on fac\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
lty hired, student internships, degrees awarded, scholarships given, presentations on cybersecurity, and funds raised. \line 7) These reports are submitted to the appropriate committees for review and recommendations for future funding decisions. \line 
\line References:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\C.R.S. 24-33.5-1905.pdf \line \line Nevada: \line 
States like Nevada define and regulate cybersecurity incident response plans for organizations by requiring each political subdivision (city or county) to adopt and ma\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ntain a plan that must be filed with the Office within 10 days after adoption or revision. The plan, as prescribed by the Office, should cover preparing for, detecting, analyzing, containing, eradicating, and recovering from cybersecurity threats and inci
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ents. It must also include post-incident activities such as sharing information learned. Political subdivisions must review their plans annually and either file any revisions with the Office or provide written certification that the current plan is up to 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ate. The confidentiality of these plans is protected, with limited exceptions for legal orders, emergencies, or specific statutory provisions. \line \line Reference: \line 
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.935.pdf \line \line Alabama: \line Stat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s define and regulate cybersecurity incident response plans for organizations by requiring covered entities and third-party agents to implement and maintain reasonable security measures to protect sensitive personally identifying information against a bre
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ch of security. This includes designating an employee to coordinate security measures, identifying risks of a breach, adopting information safeguards, retaining service providers with appropriate safeguards, evaluating and adjusting security measures, and
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
keeping management informed. The assessment of security measures considers the entity's overall security as a whole and emphasizes multiple or systemic data security failures based on factors such as entity size, type of information accessed, and cost rel
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tive to resources. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Alabama\\Data Breach Notification Act\\Files(12).pdf \line \line North Dakota: \line \hich\f1 
According to N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-03: \line 1. A licensee shall establish a written incident response plan designed to pr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
mptly respond to, and recover from, any cybersecurity event that compromises the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of nonpublic information in the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s possession. \line 
2. The incident response plan must include the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s plan to recover \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 he licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s information systems and restore continuous functionality of any aspect of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s business or operations. \line 3. The licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s incident response plan must address the internal process for responding to a cybersecurity event, the goals o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 the incident response plan, the definition of clear roles, responsibilities, and levels of decision-making authority, external and internal communications and information sharing, identification of requirements for the remediation of any identified weakn
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
sses in information systems and associated controls, documentation and reporting regarding cybersecurity events and related incident response activities, and the evaluation and revision as necessary of the incident response plan following a cybersecurity 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 vent. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-03.pdf \line \line Hawaii: \line \hich\f1 
States define and regulate cybersecurity incident response plans for organizations through legislation such as HRS \'a7\loch\f1  431:3B-207. This s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
atute mandates that licensees establish a written incident response plan to address cybersecurity events compromising nonpublic information, information systems, or business functionality. The plan must cover internal response processes, goals, roles and 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 esponsibilities, communication protocols, remediation requirements, documentation, and plan evaluation. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Insurance Data Security Law\\HRS_431_3B-207.pdf \line 2) Curren\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Communications\\HRS _ 128B-1.pdf \line 3) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\
UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Insurance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-302.pdf \line \line New York: \line States define and regulate cybersecurity incident respo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
se plans for organizations by developing policies, protocols, and strategies to prevent, detect, respond to, and recover from terrorist acts or threats and other natural and man-made disasters. The Division of Homeland Security and Emergency Services in N
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
w York is responsible for coordinating information sharing among local, state, and federal agencies to ensure appropriate intelligence for early identification and response to disasters. They also assess the preparedness of state and local public health s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 stems to respond to disasters. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Government\\\hich\f1 NY CLS Exec \'a7\loch\f1  709.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
New York\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1  209.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Information Technology\\\hich\f1 NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1  103.pdf 
\line \line Texas: \line \hich\f1 States regulate cybersecurity incident response plans for organizations by setting guidelines and requirements for incident response teams. The Department of Texas Government Code \'a7\loch\f1  20
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
4.52007 approves incident response tools, establishes eligibility criteria for volunteers, develops operation guidelines, adopts necessary rules, and may require contracts for assistance. The department can provide training, compensation for expenses, and
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 establish fee schedules for participating entities. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2054.52007.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2054.518.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Governm\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nt\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 2054.52002.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2054.52001.pdf \line \line Wisconsin: \line \hich\f1 According to Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952: \line \line 
1. Organizations must develop an incident response plan to promptly respond to and recover from cybe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
security events that compromise the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of nonpublic information, the information systems, or the continuing functionality of any aspect of the business or operations. The incident response plan should address goals
,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  internal processes, roles and responsibilities, communications, remediation of weaknesses, reporting and documentation of cybersecurity events, and evaluation and revision of the plan following a cybersecurity event. 
\line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecuri\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line 
States define and regulate cybersecurity incident response plans for organizations by requiring covered entities to create, maintain, and comply with a written cybersecurity program that incl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
des administrative, technical, and physical safeguards. The program should protect personal and restricted information, conform to an industry-recognized cybersecurity framework, and be designed to prevent threats, unauthorized access, and identity theft.
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 The program's scale and scope should be appropriate based on various factors, and it must be reviewed, evaluated, and updated annually. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oklahoma\\Hospital Cybersecurity Protection Act\\\hich\f1 18 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f1  2070.pdf \line 2) C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rrent Cybersecurity Law\\Oklahoma\\
Hospital Cybersecurity Protection Act\\\hich\f1 18 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f1  2071.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oklahoma\\Hospital Cybersecurity Protection Act\\\hich\f1 18 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f1  2068.pdf \line \line Iowa: \line Summary: \line 
States regulate cybersecurity incident res\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 onse plans for organizations through legislation such as Iowa Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 507F.4. This law requires licensees to establish a written incident response plan to address cybersecurity events compromising nonpublic information, information systems, or operations. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 T\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
he plan must include internal processes, goals, roles and responsibilities, communications protocols, remediation requirements, documentation/reporting, and plan evaluation/revision post-incident. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law
\\Iowa\\Insurance\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 I\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 owa Code _ 507F.4.pdf \line \line Oregon: \line \hich\f1 According to ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555: \line 
(7) All agencies of state government are directed to assist the center in the performance of the center\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s duties and, to the extent permitted by laws relating to confidentiality, shall furnish\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 information and advice the center considers necessary to perform the center\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 \hich\f1 s duties. As used in this subsection, \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 state government\'94\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
 has the meaning given that term in ORS 174.111, except that \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 state government\'94\loch\f1  does not include the Secretary of State or \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tate Treasurer. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555.pdf \line \line Delaware: \line \hich\f1 According to 18 Del. C. \'a7\loch\f1  8604, specifically in paragraph (h) Incident response plan: 
\line \line "(1) As part of a licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s information secu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ity program, the licensee shall establish a written incident response plan designed to promptly respond to, and recover from, a cybersecurity event that compromises the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of any of the following: a. Nonpublic info
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 mation in the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s possession. b. The licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s information system. c. The continuing functionality of any aspect of the licensee
\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s business or operations." \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8604.pdf \line \line Maryl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nd: \line \hich\f1 
Summary: Maryland's cybersecurity incident response plans for organizations are defined and regulated through Md. Public Utility Companies Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 5-306. The State Security Operations Center must be notified of cybersecurity incidents reported by\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
public service companies. The State Chief Information Security Officer, in consultation with the Commission, establishes the process for reporting incidents, criteria for reporting circumstances, manner of reporting, and reporting timeframes. \line \line 
References\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Public Utilities\\Md. Public Utility Companies Code Ann. _ 5-306.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Government\\
Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.5-407.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 P\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ublic Utilities\\Md. Public Safety Code Ann. _ 14-104.1.pdf \line 
4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Government\\Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.5-406.pdf \line \line Utah: \line \hich\f1 According to Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-16-1102: \line (4) The Cyber Center shall, within 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 egislative appropriations: \line 
(c) at the request of a governmental entity, coordinate cybersecurity incident response for a data breach affecting the governmental entity in accordance with Section 63a -16-1103. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ut
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-16-1103.pdf \line \line Missouri: \line 
I'm sorry, but I am a helpful assistant specializing in Transportation Cybersecurity Legislations. I am not able to provide information on other topics. If you have any questions related to transp\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rtation cybersecurity laws or regulations, feel free to ask! \line \line Wyoming: \line 
States define and regulate cybersecurity incident response plans for organizations by requiring notifications in certain circumstances, such as in Wyoming where the law allows for no\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ification delays if deemed necessary for a criminal investigation. The notification process must include specific information such as toll-free numbers, details of the breach incident, actions taken to protect the breached system, and advice for individua
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s on monitoring their accounts and credit reports. \line \line References: \line 1. Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wyoming\\Data Breach Notification\\\hich\f1 Wyo. Stat. -\'ba\loch\f1 
 40-12-502.pdf \line \line Kansas: \line \hich\f1 According to K.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  75-7240: \line (a) The executive branch agency heads shall ensure that \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
f an agency owns, licenses, or maintains computerized data that includes personal information, the agency shall comply with the notification requirements in K.S.A. 2022 Supp. 50-7a01 et seq., and applicable federal laws and regulations in the event of a b
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 each, suspected breach, or unauthorized exposure. The agency must notify the CISO and, if involving election data, the Secretary of State within 48 hours of discovering the breach. \line 
\line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\K.S.A. _ 75-\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 7\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 240.pdf \line \line South Carolina: \line \hich\f1 According to S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20: 
\line \line (H) As part of its information security program, a licensee must establish a written incident response plan designed to promptly respond to, and recover from, a cybersecurity event that \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ompromises the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of nonpublic information in its possession, the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s information systems, or the continuing functionality of any aspect of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s business or operations. \line \line (2) An incident response p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
an required in item (1) must address: \line (a) the internal process for responding to a cybersecurity event; \line (b) the goals of the incident response plan; \line 
(c) the definition of clear roles, responsibilities and levels of decision-making authority; \line (d) exter\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 al and internal communications and information sharing; \line 
(e) identification of requirements for the remediation of any identified weaknesses in information systems and associated controls; \line (f) documentation and reporting regarding cybersecurity events an\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  related incident response activities; \line (g) the evaluation and revision as necessary of the incident response plan following a cybersecurity event. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
South Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20.pdf \line \line Maine:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 According to Legislation code 24-A M.R.S. \'a7\loch\f1  2264: \line 
8. Incident response plan. As part of its information security program, a licensee shall establish a written incident response plan designed to promptly respond to and recover from any cybersecurity even\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  that compromises the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of nonpublic information in its possession; the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s information systems; or the continuing functionality of any aspect of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s business or operations. The incident response\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
plan must address the following areas: \line A. The internal process for responding to a cybersecurity event; \line B. The goals of the incident response plan; \line 
C. The definition of clear roles, responsibilities, and levels of decision-making authority; \line D. Externa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  and internal communications and information sharing; \line 
E. Requirements for the remediation of any identified weaknesses in the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s information systems and associated controls; \line F. Documentation and reporting regarding cybersecurity events and relat
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d incident response activities; and \line G. The evaluation and revision as necessary of the incident response plan following a cybersecurity event. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf \line \line Pennsylvania: \line States regu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ate cybersecurity incident response plans for organizations by requiring licensees to develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive written information security program based on risk assessment. This program must include administrative, technical, and 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
hysical safeguards to protect nonpublic information and information systems. Designated personnel must be responsible for the program, and it should include appropriate security measures, cybersecurity awareness training, and regular monitoring and evalua
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ion to address changing risks. Additionally, licensees are mandated to establish and maintain a written incident response plan to swiftly respond to and recover from any cybersecurity event affecting nonpublic information or information systems. \line 
\line Referen\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 es: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1  4513.pdf \line \line Michigan: \line \hich\f1 
States like Michigan define and regulate cybersecurity incident response plans for organizations through MCLS \'a7\loch\f1  500.555. This legislation requires organizations to develop,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
implement, and maintain a written information security program based on risk assessment. Additionally, organizations must establish an incident response plan to address cybersecurity events compromising nonpublic information. The plan should include inter
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 al processes, roles and responsibilities, communications, remediation requirements, and documentation. Organizations must certify compliance annually and keep records for inspection. \line 
\line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS_500.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 55.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Government\\MCLS_15.232.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS_500.559.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS_500.561.pdf \line \line Virginia: \line Summary: \line \line States define and regulate\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
cybersecurity incident response plans for organizations based on the size and complexity of the licensee. Each licensee is required to develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive written information security program to protect nonpublic information a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
d the information system. The program must include safeguards such as access controls, data protection measures, cybersecurity awareness training for personnel, and secure disposal procedures. Oversight by the board or appropriate committee is necessary, 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nd licensees must monitor, evaluate, and adjust their information security programs regularly. An incident response plan with clear roles, responsibilities, communication protocols, and remediation requirements should be established to promptly respond to
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 and recover from cybersecurity events. \line \line Reference: \line - Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-623.pdf \line \line New Mexico: 
\line \hich\f1 According to N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  9-27A-3: \line \line 6) serve as a cybersecurity resource for local governments; \line 7) devel\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
p a service catalog of cybersecurity services to be offered to agencies and to political subdivisions of the state; \line 
8) collaborate with agencies in developing standards, functions, and services in order to ensure the agency regulatory environments are un\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
erstood and considered as part of a cybersecurity incident response; \line 9) establish core services to support minimum security standards and policies; \line 
10) establish minimum data classification policies and standards and design controls to support complianc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  with classifications and report on exceptions; \line 
11) develop and issue cybersecurity awareness policies and training standards and develop and offer cybersecurity training services; and \line 12) establish a centralized cybersecurity and data breach reporting \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rocess for agencies and political subdivisions of the state. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  9-27A-3.pdf \line \line 
Washington: \line States like Washington define and regulate cybersecurity incident respo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 se plans for organizations through Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1 
 43.105.450. The primary duties of the office of cybersecurity include creating a model incident response plan for agency adoption, acting as the incident response coordinator for certain types of\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 incidents, requiring agencies to address non-compliance with cybersecurity standards and policies, and mandating state agencies to undergo independent compliance audits of their IT security program every three years. \line 
\line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\
Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450(2).pdf \line \line West Virginia: \line \hich\f1 According to W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-2: \line \hich\f1 1. "Plan of action and milestones\'94\loch\f1  mea
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s a remedial plan, or the process of accepting or resolving risk, which helps the information custodian to identify and assess information system security and privacy weaknesses, set priorities and monitor progress toward mitigating the weaknesses. \line 
\line Refe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ences: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-4.pdf \line \line Kentucky: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 
States define and regulate cybersecurity incident response plans for organizations through KRS \'a7\loch\f1  304.3 -756 in Kentucky. Each licensee is requir\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
d to establish a written incident response plan to address cybersecurity events compromising nonpublic information, information systems, and business operations. The plan must include internal processes, goals, roles, responsibilities, communication proto
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ols, remediation requirements, documentation, evaluation, and revision procedures post-cybersecurity event. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Insurance\\
KRS _ 304.3-756.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Finance\\KRS _ 42.726.pdf \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Finance\\KRS _ 292.336.pdf \line \line Arkansas: \line \hich\f1 
According to Colorado Rev. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  6-1-805: \line 1. The bill requires the department of state to adopt rules to implement a digital-identity verification program by January 1, 2024. \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
2. The bill creates the digital-identity verification program, which is designed to protect against identity theft and to prevent fraudulent cybersecurity incidents or potential fraudulent cybersecurity incidents. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\
Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\P\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 D Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Consumer Protection\\\hich\f1 Colo. Rev. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  6-1-805.pdf \line \line New Jersey: \line 
States define and regulate cybersecurity incident response plans for organizations by categorizing a 'Cybersecurity incident' as a mali\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ious or suspicious event that risks the integrity, confidentiality, or availability of an information system or the data it handles. Additionally, a 'Defensive measure' is described as an action or technique applied to an information system to detect, pre
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ent, or mitigate cyber threats without causing harm to the system or unauthorized access. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Government\\\hich\f1 
N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  52_17B-193.2.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  52_1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 7\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 B-193.3.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
New Jersey\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  52_17B-193.4.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\National Defense\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  App.A_9-43.1.pdf \line \line Massachusetts: \line 
States regulate cybersecurity incident response plans f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
r organizations by establishing cybersecurity centers, such as the Massachusetts cybersecurity center outlined in ALM GL ch. 40J, \'a7\loch\f1 
 6J. These centers aim to enhance economic growth by collaborating with state agencies, municipalities, educational institut\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ons, and private partners to improve cybersecurity resiliency. They also work to address issues such as cybersecurity improvement for organizations across the commonwealth, cybersecurity workforce shortages, and affordable cybersecurity training for emplo
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ees. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Government\\ALM GL ch. 40J, _ 6J.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\
ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 2.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 3.pdf \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rizona: \line \hich\f1 According to R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1 
 11-49.3-1: \line 1. The definition of cybersecurity incident response plans for organizations may vary by state law. \line 2. States may regulate cybersecurity incident response plans for organizations through specific statute
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  or regulations. \line 3. Each state may have its own requirements and regulations regarding cybersecurity incident response plans for organizations. \line 
4. Organizations may need to comply with the cybersecurity laws in the state(s) where they operate or where t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ey are domiciled. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\R.I. Gen. Laws_11-49.3-1.pdf \line \line Louisiana: \line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code La. R.S. \'a7\loch\f1  22:2504: \line \line A. A licensee shall establish a written in
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ident response plan designed to promptly respond to, and recover from, any cybersecurity event that compromises the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of nonpublic information in its possession, the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s information systems, or the continui\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g functionality of any aspect of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s business or operations. \line \line 
H. The incident response plan shall address all of the following: \line (a) The internal process for responding to a cybersecurity event. \line (b) The goals of the incident response plan. \line (\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ) The definition of clear roles, responsibilities, and levels of decision-making authority. \line (d) External and internal communications and information sharing. \line 
(e) Identification of requirements for the remediation of any identified weaknesses in informat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 on systems and associated controls. \line 
(f) Documentation and reporting regarding cybersecurity events and related incident response activities. \line (g) The evaluation and revision of the incident response plan, as necessary, following a cybersecurity event. \line \line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 R\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 eferences: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Insurance\\La. R.S. _ 22_2504.pdf \line \line Mississippi: \line 
States define and regulate cybersecurity incident response plans for organizations by requiring each licensee to establish a written incident response plan\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
aimed at promptly addressing and recovering from cybersecurity events that jeopardize the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of nonpublic information, information systems, or the licensee's business operations. The incident response plan must enc
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 mpass internal processes, objectives, roles and responsibilities, communication protocols, remediation requirements, documentation procedures, and periodic plan evaluation. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Law\\Mississippi\\Insurance\\Miss. Code Ann. _ 83-5-807.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Mississippi\\Government\\Miss. Code Ann. _ 25-53-201.pdf \line \line Georgia: \line States define and regulate cybersecurity incident response plans for organizations through legislatio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
\hich\f1  such as O.C.G.A. \'a7\loch\f1  38-3-22.2. This code section outlines definitions related to agencies and utilities within the state, including the scope of entities considered agencies and utilities. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\Military\\O.C.G.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 A. _ 38-3-22.2.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\State Government\\O.C.G.A. _ 50-18-72.pdf \line \line Florida: \line 
States regulate cybersecurity incident response plans for organizations by developing and publishing a cybersecurity governance framework that in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ludes guidelines for asset management, risk assessment, cybersecurity audits, protection procedures, access procedures, threat detection, incident response teams, data recovery, and incident reporting processes. These measures aim to ensure the confidenti
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lity, integrity, and availability of information and data, as well as effective response to cybersecurity incidents. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\
Information Technology\\Fla. Stat. _ 282.318.pdf \line \line States define and regulate cybersecu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ity incident response plans for organizations by requiring licensees to establish a written incident response plan designed to promptly respond to, and recover from, any cybersecurity event that compromises the confidentiality, integrity, or availability 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f nonpublic information in its possession, the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s information systems, or the continuing functionality of any aspect of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s business or operations. The incident response plan must address areas such as the internal process for respondin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 to a cybersecurity event, the goals of the incident response plan, the definition of clear roles, responsibilities, and levels of decision-making authority, external and internal communications and information sharing, identification of requirements for 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
he remediation of any identified weaknesses in information systems and associated controls, documentation and reporting regarding cybersecurity events and related incident response activities, and the evaluation and revision as necessary of the incident r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sponse plan following a cybersecurity event}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid1071996 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid1071996 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000804e
8901f6ddda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}