{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid7875284}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr13\min19}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr13\min20}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages16}{\nofwords6642}{\nofchars37866}{\nofcharsws44420}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot7875284 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7875284 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q14. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid7875284 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What are the common themes or principles shared among various state cybersecurity regulations}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid7875284 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid5135654 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid7875284 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid7875284 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line 5. Arizona \line 6. Colorado \line 
7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 10. Rhode Island \line 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 18. Oregon \line 
19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. South Carolina \line 23. Indiana \line 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 K\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ansas \line 
28. Arkansas \line 29. Idaho \line 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 40. Alabama \line 
41. North Dakota \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. N\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w Mexico \line 46. Kentucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 50. Illinois 
\line \line New Hampshire: \line The common themes or principles shared among various state cybersecurity regulations, as outlined in RSA 420 -P:4 from New Hampshire Revised Statutes Annot\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ted Title XXXVII Insurance, include: \line \line I. Implementation of the program should match the licensee's size, complexity, activities, and sensitivity of information. \line 
II. Objectives of the program should focus on protecting nonpublic information, information \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ystem security, and minimizing harm to consumers. \line 
III. During risk assessment, threats should be identified, assessed for potential damage, and safeguards evaluated. \line IV. The licensee needs to design a program to mitigate risks and implement appropriate \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecurity measures. \line V. Boards of directors should oversee the information security program and annual reporting. \line VI. Due diligence should be exercised in selecting and overseeing third-party service providers. 
\line VII. The information security program should\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 be monitored, evaluated, and adjusted as needed. \line 
VIII. An incident response plan should be established to respond to cybersecurity events. \line IX. Insurers domiciled in the state must annually certify compliance with these requirements. \line \line References: \line 1. [C
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rrent Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420-P_4.pdf](static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420-P_4.pdf) \line 2. [Current Cybersecurity Law\\
New Hampshire\\Government\\RSA 21-R_4-a.pdf](static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hamps\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ire\\Government\\RSA 21-R_4-a.pdf) \line 3. [Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\
RSA 420-P_6.pdf](static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420-P_6.pdf) \line \line Delaware: \line The common themes shared among various state cybersecurity regu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ations include developing comprehensive security programs, protecting nonpublic information, conducting risk assessments, and implementing appropriate safeguards. \line \line Reference: Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\
18 Del. C. _ 8604.pdf \line \line Virginia: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Summary: The common themes or principles shared among various state cybersecurity regulations include requirements for licensees to establish comprehensive information security programs with administrative, technical, and physical safeguards, protect nonp
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 blic information, designate responsible individuals, control access, provide training, oversee third-party service providers, and establish incident response plans. \line \line References: 
\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-623.pd\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7
\loch\f1  2.2-2009.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  2.2-3705.2.pdf \line \line New York: \line The provided response outlines the functions and duties of the office as per NY C
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 S STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1 
 103. It includes responsibilities such as enhancing government efficiency, advising state agencies on technology policies, overseeing technology purchases, managing common technology networks, conducting research studies on techno
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ogy, promoting information exchange, establishing statewide technology policies, conducting comprehensive studies on state information resources, developing multi-year statewide strategies, coordinating state budget submissions, evaluating technology acti
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ities, and ensuring cyber security infrastructure protection. \line \line References: \line \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 
NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1  103.pdf \line \line Arizona: \line Based on the information provided: \line \line According to California Civil\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.820: 
\line 1. The common themes or principles shared among various state cybersecurity regulations include: \line 2. General requirements for businesses to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices. \line 3. Mandates for businesses 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o protect personal information from unauthorized access, disclosure, and acquisition. \line 4. Provisions for notifying individuals and relevant authorities in the event of a data breach. 
\line 5. Inclusion of penalties for non-compliance with cybersecurity regulat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ons. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\
California\\Privacy Laws\\Cal. Civ. Code _ 1798.820.pdf \line \line Colorado: \line The common themes shared among various state cybersecurity regulations, as outlined in C.R.S. 24-\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
33.5-1905 legislation, include creating secure facilities, exploring collaborative activities, establishing relationships with government-sponsored research entities, fostering cybersecurity participation with various entities, and promoting the use of di
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tributed ledger technologies in public sector education. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\C.R.S. 24-33.5-1905.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Joint Technology Committee\\C.R.S. 2-3-1704.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\C.R.S. 24-33.5-1904.pdf \line 
4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\C.R.S. 24-33.5-1903.pdf \line \line Georgia: \line \hich\f1 The response provided includes a list of records that should not be disclosed according to O.C.G.A. \'a7\loch\f1  50-18-72.
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
These records cover various categories such as federal statute required confidentiality, medical records, law enforcement information, motor vehicle accident reports, jury list data, public officer appointment records, real estate appraisals, sealed bids,
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 employment records, sensitive habitats information, historical research records, and data on protection of life, safety, or public property. \line \line Reference: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\State Government\\O.C.G.A. _ 50-18-72.pdf \line \line Vermont: \line Summary: T\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e common themes or principles shared among various state cybersecurity regulations include developing strategic plans for cybersecurity protection, evaluating readiness and sharing best practices, building relationships within government sectors, partneri
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
g with universities, reviewing standards for critical infrastructures, promoting cybersecurity workforce, raising citizen awareness, providing technical support, recommending legislative actions, advising on cybersecurity impacts, engaging in risk assessm
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nt, implementing response protocols, exploring cyber-insurance, and enhancing availability for critical industries. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\
Cybersecurity\\\hich\f1 20 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4662.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Financial\\8 V.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 .A. \'a7\loch\f1  4728.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Vermont\\Government\\\hich\f1 3A V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  20-55.pdf \line \line Wyoming: \line Based on the information available, the common themes or principles shared among various state cybersecurity regulations include: \line \line 
According to California C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 vil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.91.04: \line 1. Promote the protection of personal information in accordance with specified principles. \line 
2. Eliminate the evolving patchwork of data breach laws across the nation. \line 3. Recognize that personal information is valuable. \line 4. Promote\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 privacy and security innovation. \line 
5. Protect consumers from privacy and security breaches. \line \line References: \line 1) \\Documents\\California\\Code - Civil Code\\Cal. Civ. Code _ 1798.91.04.pdf \line \line Rhode Island: \line I'm sorry, but I can't answer this question as it doesn't
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 align with my expertise in Transportation Cybersecurity Legislations. If you have any questions related to that, feel free to ask. \line \line Nebraska: \line \hich\f1 
According to Ohio Rev. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  1346.09: \line 1. Each agency shall implement a comprehensive cybersecurity progr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m that includes all of the following: \line 
a. Protecting information systems by implementing appropriate administrative, technical, and physical safeguards; \line b. Using the National Institute of Standards and Technology cybersecurity framework, the National Ass\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ciation of State Chief Information Officers resources, or other resources and guidelines approved by the state Chief Information Officer; \line c. Complying with applicable laws, administrative rules, and policies; \line 
d. Identifying and assessing cybersecurity r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sks to information systems; \line 
e. Protecting information systems against malicious activities through ongoing security monitoring, maintenance, and staffing; and \line f. Managing cybersecurity incidents by responding to, mitigating, and investigating incidents.
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\\hich\f1 Ohio Rev. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  1346.09.pdf \line \line Nevada: 
\line The common themes or principles shared among various state cybersecurity regulations include: \line 1. The importance of pr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tecting and securing information systems for the welfare of the people. \line 2. Recognition of the significant impact of technology on critical infrastructures like transportation, healthcare, energy, etc. \line 
3. The essential role of information systems in deli\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ering services and ensuring public safety. \line 4. Emphasis on identifying vulnerable areas in information systems for protection. \line 
5. The necessity of eliminating threats to information systems for cybersecurity. \line 6. Requirement for a strategic statewide pla\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  to respond to incidents compromising information systems. 
\line 7. Collaboration and information sharing among sectors for protecting cyberinfrastructure. \line 8. Acknowledgment of the contribution of higher education institutions in cybersecurity. \line 9. Recognitio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  of enacting provisions for protecting information systems as being in the public interest. \line \line Reference: Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.900.pdf 
\line \line Michigan: \line The response outlines several key requirements for lice\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 sees as per MCLS \'a7\loch\f1  500.555: \line 
1. Develop a comprehensive written information security program tailored to the organization's size, activities, and the sensitivity of nonpublic information. \line 2. Design the program to safeguard nonpublic information, protect 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 gainst threats, and ensure secure disposal of unnecessary data. \line 
3. Assign responsibilities, identify threats, assess potential damage, implement safeguards, and evaluate their effectiveness. \line 4. Mitigate risks through security measures like access contro\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s, encryption, and regular testing. \line 5. Boards of directors must oversee the program and compliance reporting. \line 6. Exercise due diligence in selecting and monitoring third-party service providers. \line 
7. Monitor, evaluate, and adapt the security program as n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cessary. \line 8. Establish an incident response plan for cybersecurity events. \line 
9. Insurer domiciled in the state must annually certify compliance and maintain inspection-ready records. \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS _ 500.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
55.pdf - Contexts 1 and 2 \line \line Florida: \line \hich\f1 The common themes or principles shared among various state cybersecurity regulations, as outlined in Fla. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 282.318, include the following: establishment of cybersecurity standards and processes based on best pr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ctices, creation of a statewide cybersecurity strategic plan with security goals and objectives, development of a cybersecurity governance framework for state agencies, implementation of procedures for asset management, risk assessment, and cybersecurity 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
udits, establishment of protection procedures and incident response teams for cybersecurity incidents, information and data recovery post-incident with submission of after-action reports, reporting of cybersecurity incidents based on severity levels and s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ecific information requirements, integration of detection and response activities into agency cybersecurity incident response plans, creation of strategic and operational cybersecurity plans aligning with risk management strategies, procurement of IT comm
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
dities and services meeting cybersecurity framework standards, provision of cybersecurity training and annual review of state agency cybersecurity plans, operation and maintenance of a Cybersecurity Operations Center with Emergency Support Function leader
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
hip, designation of information security managers and establishment of cybersecurity response teams within state agencies, conducting of risk assessments, development of internal policies, and implementation of safeguards for agency data and IT resources,
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ensuring compliance with cybersecurity requirements and provision of awareness training to state agency employees, development of a process for detecting, reporting, and responding to cybersecurity threats and incidents, and submission of after-action rep
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rts post-remediation of cybersecurity incidents. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Information Technology\\Fla. Stat. _ 282.318.pdf (Contexts 1 & 2) \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Information Technology\\Fla. Stat. _ 282.318.pdf (Co\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 texts 1 & 2) \line \line Missouri: \line According to California SB-50: \line 
1. The common themes or principles shared among various state cybersecurity regulations are: \line 2. Incorporating the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework; \line 3.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Including breach notifications requirements; \line 4. Defining personal information broadly; \line 5. Requiring reasonable security measures; and \line 
6. Applying to any person or business that owns, licenses, or maintains personal information about a California reside\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t. \line \line References: \line 
1) California SB-50 Cybersecurity Identity Theft Prevention Act. \line \line Wisconsin: \line \hich\f1 According to Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952: \line \line 
1. The information security program should contain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect nonpubli\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  information. \line 
2. The program should mitigate identified threats and risks based on the licensee's risk assessment. \line 3. Access controls should be placed on information systems, and authorization should be limited to authorized individuals. \line 4. Encryption 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r other means should be used to protect nonpublic information during transmission and storage. \line 
5. Regular testing, monitoring, and audit trails should be implemented within the information security program. \line 6. Practices for secure disposal of nonpublic \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nformation should be developed, implemented, and maintained. \line 7. Cybersecurity awareness training for personnel should be provided and updated as necessary. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 
Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952.pdf \line \line Tenness\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e: \line \hich\f1 According to Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004: \line 
1) Information security programs must be designed to protect the security and confidentiality of nonpublic information, prevent unauthorized access or use, and periodically reevaluate retaining nonpublic info\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 mation. \line 2) Licensees are required to conduct a risk assessment to identify threats, assess potential damage, and implement safeguards based on the assessment's effectiveness. \line 
3) Licensees must develop an incident response plan to promptly address cybers\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 curity events and comply with certification requirements annually. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004.pdf \line \line Oregon: \line \hich\f1 According to ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555: \line \line 1. The common themes or principles shared among va
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ious state cybersecurity regulations include: \line a) Coordinating, funding, or providing awareness, education, and training about cybersecurity and related issues. \line 
b) Developing cybersecurity workforce programs in coordination with public universities, comm\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nity colleges, and career education programs. \line 
c) Conducting research on cybersecurity education methodologies and technologies. \line d) Providing cybersecurity services to public bodies and sharing information on threats and incidents. \line e) Collaborating with\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 public bodies for cybersecurity efforts and promoting awareness. \line f) Participating in federal and regional programs to support cybersecurity goals. \line g) Leveraging federal funding for cybersecurity initiatives. 
\line h) Managing and awarding funds distributed f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r cybersecurity and resilience initiatives. \line 
i) Encouraging the development of the cybersecurity workforce through various initiatives like curriculum development, internships, and awareness programs. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\Inf
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rmation Technology\\\hich\f1 ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555.pdf \line \line Connecticut: \line \hich\f1 According to Conn. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 38a -38, the common themes or principles shared among various state cybersecurity regulations include: \line \line 1) Implementation of an information security program that includ\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s administrative, technical, and physical safeguards for the protection of nonpublic information and information systems. \line 2) Conducting a risk assessment to identify threats, assess potential damage, and evaluate existing safeguards regularly. 
\line 3) Managi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g risks effectively through security measures such as access controls, encryption, secure development practices, and regular testing and monitoring of systems. \line 
4) Establishing an incident response plan to promptly respond to and recover from cybersecurit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  events. \line 
5) Notifying the Insurance Commissioner of cybersecurity events within a specific timeframe and providing detailed information about the event, its discovery, and any remediation efforts. \line 6) Maintaining confidentiality of documents, materials, 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nd information shared with regulatory or law enforcement authorities. \line 
7) Oversight by the Board of Directors to ensure compliance with cybersecurity regulations and reporting on the status of the information security program. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cy\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Insurance\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 38a-38.pdf \line \line Mississippi: \line 
Summarized Response: Various state cybersecurity regulations share common themes and principles, such as establishing an Enterprise Security Program for coordinated oversig\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
t, centralizing management and coordination through state agencies like MDITS, developing policies and guidelines, assigning responsibility to agency heads for data security, participating in security initiatives, implementing safeguards and assessments, 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 roviding annual security training, and evaluating the program's effectiveness. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Government\\
Miss. Code Ann. _ 25-53-201.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Insurance\\Miss. Code Ann. __ 83-5-80\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 7.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line 
The common themes or principles shared among various state cybersecurity regulations include the voluntary nature of the requirements, the need for a written cybersecurity program with administrative, technical, and physical safeguards,
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
adherence to an industry-recognized cybersecurity framework, protection of personal and restricted information, safeguarding against threats and unauthorized access, appropriateness of the program based on factors like entity size and information sensitiv
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ty, and regular review and updating of the cybersecurity program. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oklahoma\\Hospital Cybersecurity Protection Act\\\hich\f1 
18 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f1  2070.pdf \line \line South Carolina: \line The response outlines the requirements for developing and\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
maintaining a comprehensive written information security program for licensees in South Carolina. It emphasizes the protection of nonpublic information and the licensee's information system through administrative, technical, and physical safeguards. The p
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ogram should address threats or hazards, unauthorized access, retention and destruction of information, and designate individuals responsible for its implementation. Threat assessment and damage evaluation are also key components. \line \line References: 
\line 1) Curren\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Cybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20.pdf \line \line Indiana: \line 
The common themes or principles shared among various state cybersecurity regulations typically include requirements for prompt investigation of cybersecurity events, mai\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tenance of records for a specified period, notification of authorities within a set timeframe after a cybersecurity event, provision of specific information about the event, and updating authorities on any material changes related to the cybersecurity eve
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Insurance\\Burns Ind. Code Ann. _ 27-2-27-21.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Insurance\\
Burns Ind. Code Ann. _ 27-2-27-18.pdf \line \line Utah: \line Summary: \line Various state cybersecurity regulations share c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 mmon themes or principles, as outlined in Utah Code Ann. 
\'a7\loch\f1  78B-4-703. These include the need for written cybersecurity programs tailored to protect specific types of personal information, adherence to recognized cybersecurity frameworks, implementation of\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
administrative, technical, and physical safeguards, employee training in cybersecurity practices, continuous risk assessments, adapting security measures to changing circumstances, timely compliance with updated frameworks, and consideration of factors li
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 k\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e cost and effort in meeting regulatory amendments. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Cybersecurity Affirmative Defense Act\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7
\loch\f1  78B-4-703.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-16-1102.pdf \line 3) Cu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rent Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\
\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-16-214.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-16-214.pdf \line \line West Virginia: \line \hich\f1 According to W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-2: 
\line \line 1. Common themes or principles shared among variou\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 state cybersecurity regulations include definitions related to cybersecurity framework, cyber incident, cyber risk assessment, cyber risk management service, enterprise, information custodian, plan of action and milestones, privacy impact assessment, and
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 security controls. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-2.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
West Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-3.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Government\\W. Va.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-4.pdf \line \line Maryland: \line 
Summary: The Maryland State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. outlines various responsibilities of the office in establishing cybersecurity strategy and policy for government units, categorizing information, setting securi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y requirements, providing technical assistance, assisting localities in cybersecurity preparedness, conducting regional exercises, and reporting annually on cybersecurity preparedness activities. \line \line References: 
\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Govern\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ent\\Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.5-2A.04.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Public Utilities\\
Md. Public Utility Companies Code Ann. _ 2-108.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Government\\Md. State Finance and Procurement \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ode Ann. _ 3.5-406.pdf \line 
4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Government\\Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.5-407.pdf \line \line Kansas: \line Common themes or principles shared among various state cybersecurity regulations include: \line 1. Executive branch ag
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ncy heads are responsible for the security of all data and information technology resources within their agencies. \line 2. An agency-wide information security program must be in place. \line 
3. Designation of an information security officer to administer the agenc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 's information security program reporting to executive leadership. \line 
4. Participation in CISO-sponsored statewide cybersecurity program initiatives. \line 5. Policies and standards to ensure compliance with applicable state and federal laws and regulations. \line 6.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Implementation of cost-effective safeguards to address identified threats to data and information technology resources. \line 7. Inclusion of cybersecurity requirements in the agency's procurement specifications. \line 
8. Submission of cybersecurity self-assessment\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 reports, conducting internal assessments, and reporting cybersecurity expenditures as required. \line 
9. Establishment of notification and compliance protocols for breaches involving personal or confidential information within specific timeframes. \line 10. Agency \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
eadership training, disabling IT credentials upon employee termination, and ensuring IT security training for all employees with access to information technology are mandatory. \line \line References: \line - Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government
\\K.S.A. _ 75-7240.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 df \line - Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\K.S.A. _ 75-7244.pdf \line \line Arkansas: \line \hich\f1 According to Ariz. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 44-7501: \line 1. The common themes or principles shared among various state cybersecurity regulations are: \line a. The need for organizations \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
o establish and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices to protect sensitive personal information. \line b. The requirement to investigate and provide notice of any security breach involving personal information to affected individuals. 
\line c. The e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 phasis on safeguarding personal information from unauthorized access, acquisition, use, or disclosure. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\
Transportation Cybersecurity\\State Regulations\\Arizona\\\hich\f1 Ariz. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  44-7501.pdf \line \line Idaho: \line According to Idaho \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ode \'a7\loch\f1 
 67-827A: \line 1) To oversee implementation of cybersecurity policies to foster risk and cybersecurity management in telecommunications and decision-making with both internal and external organizational stakeholders. \line 
2) To coordinate and consult with st\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 te agencies and officials regarding information security needs. \line 
3) To coordinate with state agencies and officials on penetration tests and vulnerability scans of state technology systems in order to identify steps to mitigate identified risks. \line 4) To co\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rdinate with state agencies and officials to ensure that state agencies implement mandatory education and training of state employees and provide guidance on appropriate levels of training for various classifications of state employees. \line 
5) To coordinate \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ith appropriate state agencies to create, coordinate, publish, routinely update and market a statewide cybersecurity website as an information repository for intelligence-sharing and cybersecurity best practices. \line 
6) To coordinate public and private entit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 es to develop, create, and promote statewide public outreach efforts to protect personal information and sensitive data from cyber threats. \line 
7) To promulgate and adopt reasonable rules for effecting the purposes of this act pursuant to the provisions of c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 apter 52, title 67, Idaho Code. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Idaho\\Government\\Idaho Code _ 67-827A.pdf \line \line North Carolina: \line Common themes or principles shared among various state cybersecurity regulations include: \line \line 1. Departments and agencie
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  cooperating with the State Chief Information Officer (CIO) by providing necessary information, such as cybersecurity incidents and future cybersecurity needs. \line 
2. Designating an agency liaison in the information technology field to work closely with the \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tate CIO is a common requirement. \line 
3. Mandatory annual security awareness training for all personnel, including contractors and users of state information technology systems, with reporting compliance. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Car
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lina\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1379.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7
\loch\f1  143B-1378.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\Emergency Management\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  166A-19.12.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 df \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
North Carolina\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1322.pdf \line \line Texas: \line The response outlines common themes and principles shared among various state cybersecurity regulations, as seen in Tex. Gov\hich\f1 
\rquote \loch\f1 \hich\f1 t Code \'a7\loch\f1  411.084.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
It covers aspects such as the exclusive nature of criminal history record information to authorized recipients, limitations on disclosure and use of the information, restrictions on confirming information to unauthorized individuals, and requirements for 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rivate entities to meet specific cybersecurity standards approved by relevant organizations when purchasing information. Compliance with standards like PCI DSS certification or voluntary cybersecurity standards developed by national organizations of accou
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tants is also acceptable. \line \line References: \line 1. C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Gov't Code \'a7
\loch\f1  411.084.pdf \line 2. Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2054.575.pdf \line 3. Current Cybersecuri\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 
Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2054.518.pdf \line 4. Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2054.5181.pdf \line \line California: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5: \line 
1. The common themes or principles shared among various state cyberse\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
urity regulations include the protection of personal information, notification requirements in the event of a data breach, and the adoption of reasonable security measures to safeguard information. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\
UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 pp\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Business and Professions Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5.pdf \line \line Montana: \line 
Based on the information gathered, the common themes or principles shared among various state cybersecurity regulations include the fo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lowing: \line 
1. Emphasis on protecting sensitive information and data. \line 2. Focus on establishing cybersecurity standards and protocols. \line 3. Requirements for incident response plans and breach notifications. \line 
4. Encouraging proactive measures to safeguard agai\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 st cyber threats. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Arizona\\
Title Insurance\\Cybersecurity Standards and Best Practices.pdf \line 2) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Yo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 k\\Banking Law\\
Regulation on Data Security.pdf \line \line Massachusetts: \line \hich\f1 According to ALM GL ch. 93H, \'a7\loch\f1  2: \line 1. Regulations shall be designed to safeguard personal information and consistent with federal regulations. \line 
2. Objectives include ensuring security and con\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 identiality of customer information, protecting against threats, and unauthorized access to such information. \line 
3. Regulations shall consider the person's business size, resources, stored data, and the need for security. \line 4. Rules or regulations will safeg\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ard personal information of residents, considering the scope, resources, and confidentiality. \line 
5. Various branches shall adopt rules or regulations to safeguard personal information, taking into account the services provided and the need for security. \line \line R\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ferences: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 2.pdf \line \line Iowa: \line The common themes or principles shared among various state cybersecurity regulations include: \line 
1. Development of information security programs based on a risk \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ssessment specific to each licensee. \line 
2. Protection of nonpublic information and information systems against threats and unauthorized access. \line 3. Identification of internal and external threats, assessment of potential damages, evaluation of safeguards, a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d ongoing assessments of information safeguards' effectiveness. \line 4. Implementation of security measures such as access controls, encryption, and regular testing of systems. \line 
5. Oversight by boards of directors or appropriate committees on the development,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 implementation, and maintenance of information security programs. \line 
6. Monitoring, evaluation, and adjustment of information security programs in response to changes. \line 7. Establishment of incident response plans to promptly respond to cybersecurity events.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Insurance\\Iowa Code _ 507F.4.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Commerce\\Iowa Code _ 554G.3.pdf \line \line New Jersey: \line 
The common themes or principles shared among various state cybersecurity regulations includ\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 the requirement for reporting cybersecurity incidents to the designated state office within a specified time frame, maintaining confidentiality of incident notifications, facilitating secure and confidential submissions, tracking trends, sharing threat i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 dicators and defensive measures, and ensuring privacy and protection procedures comparable to federal cybersecurity laws. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey
\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  52_17B-193.3.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jer\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ey\\Utilities\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  58_31-4.1.pdf \line \line 
Washington: \line Summary: The common themes or principles shared among various state cybersecurity regulations include establishing security standards and policies, developing centralized cybersecurity protocols, dete\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ting and responding to security incidents, creating incident response plans, ensuring continuity of business operations, providing guidance on cybersecurity practices, serving as a resource for local governments, collaborating with state agencies, definin
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  core services for IT security programs, and carrying out tasks to fulfill the purposes of cybersecurity legislation. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\
Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\W\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 shington\\Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1 
 43.105.450(2).pdf \line \line Louisiana: \line The common themes or principles shared among various state cybersecurity regulations include the development, implementation, and maintenance of administrative, technical, and ph
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
sical safeguards based on risk assessment to protect nonpublic information and the information system. This also involves protecting the security and confidentiality of information, conducting risk assessments, designing programs to mitigate risks, requir
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ng executive management to oversee the information security program, due diligence in selecting and monitoring third-party service providers, establishing incident response plans, and certifying compliance annually. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Law\\Louisiana\\Insurance\\La. R.S. _ 22_2504.pdf \line \line Maine: \line 
The common themes or principles shared among various state cybersecurity regulations include the implementation of an information security program tailored to the licensee's size and activities, alo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
g with safeguards for protecting nonpublic information and information systems against threats. These programs should also aim to maintain confidentiality, prevent unauthorized access, and establish processes for information retention and destruction when
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 necessary. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf \line \line Alabama: \line \hich\f1 According to Texas Administrative Code \'a7
\loch\f1  202.12: \line Common themes or principles shared among various state cybersecurity regulations include: \line 1. Ident\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 fying and categorizing critical infrastructure, \line 
2. Implementing a formal risk management process to identify and mitigate risks, \line 3. Prioritizing security measures based on risk assessment, \line 4. Instituting incident response and recovery plans, \line 5. Establ\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 shing partnerships with public and private entities for coordination, \line 6. Regularly assessing and updating security programs. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Information Technology\\Tex. Admin. Co\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e _ 202.12.pdf \line \line North Dakota: \line Summary: \line 
Various state cybersecurity regulations commonly require licensees to develop, implement, and maintain comprehensive written information security programs based on risk assessments. These programs should include a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ministrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect nonpublic information and information systems, as well as define retention schedules and mechanisms for destruction of unnecessary information. Licensees must designate responsible individuals, a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sess threats, evaluate policies, and implement safeguards based on ongoing assessments. Additionally, cybersecurity risks should be integrated into the enterprise risk management process. 
\line \line References: \line Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Insurance\\N.D.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-03.pdf \line \line Alaska: \line 
According to AN ACT CONCERNING TRANSPORTATION DATA PRIVACY (Connecticut Public Act No. 21-110): \line 1. Common themes or principles shared among various state cybersecurity regulations include a focus on ensuring the\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
confidentiality, integrity, and availability of data, implementing measures to protect against unauthorized access to systems and data, establishing protocols for data breach notification and response, and promoting transparency and accountability in hand
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ing cybersecurity incidents. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Public Act No. 21-110.pdf \line \line 
Ohio: \line According to ORC Ann. 3965.02 legislation code: \line 1) Licensees are required to develop, imple\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ent, and maintain a comprehensive written information security program based on their risk assessment. \line 
2) The program should contain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect nonpublic information and the licensee's information system.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 
3) Licensees must designate individuals responsible for the information security program and identify internal or external threats that could compromise nonpublic information. \line 
4) They should regularly assess the effectiveness of safeguards and implemen\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  measures to manage identified threats. \line 
5) Licensees are required to include cybersecurity risks in their enterprise risk management process and provide cybersecurity awareness training to personnel. \line 6) Organizations must establish a written incident re\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ponse plan to promptly respond to and recover from cybersecurity events. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\ORC Ann. 3965.02.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\
Commercial Transactions\\ORC Ann. 1354.03.pdf \line \line Pennsylvania: \line **Sum\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ary:** \line 
The common themes and principles shared among various state cybersecurity regulations include the requirement for information security programs to have administrative, technical, and physical safeguards tailored to the licensee's characteristics a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
d aimed at protecting nonpublic information. These programs must ensure confidentiality, integrity, and minimize consumer harm by regular reevaluation, overseeing responsibilities, mitigating risks, adopting security measures, and incident response planni
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
g. Additionally, incorporating cybersecurity risks into enterprise risk management, providing awareness training, and monitoring for adjustments to technology and threats are essential components. \line \line **Reference:** \line 
1) [Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvan\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\\\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1  4513.pdf](static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1  4513.pdf) \line 
2) [Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1  4518.pdf](static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1  4518.pdf) \line \line New Mexico: \line Common\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 themes or principles shared among various state cybersecurity regulations, as outlined in N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 9-27A-3, include the adoption and implementation of minimum security standards, development of cybersecurity controls, monitoring of IT networks fo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 security incidents, creation of incident response plans, acting as a cybersecurity resource for local governments, offering cybersecurity services, collaborating on standards and services, establishment of core services and data classification policies, 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rovision of cybersecurity training, and implementing a centralized breach reporting process. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Information Technology\\
\hich\f1 N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  9-27A-3.pdf \line \line Kentucky: \line Summary: \line Various state cybersecurity reg\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
lations share common themes and principles such as requiring licensees to develop comprehensive written information security programs, conduct risk assessments, implement security measures like access controls and encryption, establish incident response p
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ans, ensure compliance and reporting, and provide cybersecurity awareness training. These regulations aim to protect nonpublic information and information systems from internal and external threats. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Ins\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rance\\KRS _ 304.3-756.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Finance\\KRS _ 292.336.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\
Finance\\KRS _ 42.726.pdf \line \line Hawaii: \line Summary of the response: \line Various state cybersecurity regulations emphasize improving cyb\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
r resiliency through education, protection of critical infrastructure, leveraging existing resources, promoting growth of the cybersecurity industry, securing funding, forming partnerships, and expanding workforce through education initiatives. \line 
\line Referenc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Communications\\HRS _ 128B-1.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Insruance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-203.pdf 
\line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Communications\\HRS _ 128B-1.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity La\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Hawaii\\Insruance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-302.pdf \line \line 
Minnesota: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 Common themes and principles shared among various state cybersecurity regulations, as highlighted in Minn. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  60A.9851, include the development, implementation, and main
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
enance of a comprehensive written information security program by licensees. Key objectives involve protecting nonpublic information, information systems, and minimizing harm to consumers. The regulations also entail conducting risk assessments, identifyi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
g threats, implementing safeguards, designing security measures, including cybersecurity risks in enterprise risk management, oversight by the board of directors, due diligence with third-party service providers, monitoring and adjusting the program, esta
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lishing incident response plans, and annual certification for compliance. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Insurance\\Minn. Stat. _ 60A.9851.pdf \line 
\line South Dakota: \line \hich\f1 According to Minn. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  16E.03 - Subd. 7: \line Common themes or principles \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 hared among various state cybersecurity regulations include: 
\line 1. The establishment of the importance of safeguarding sensitive information. \line 2. The requirement to implement security measures to protect against unauthorized access. \line 3. The emphasis on main\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 aining the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of data. \line 4. The need for organizations to conduct risk assessments and develop incident response plans. \line 
5. The expectation for entities to comply with data breach notification requirements. \line 6. The\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 promotion of cybersecurity awareness and training among employees. \line \line References: 
\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Information Technology\\Minn. Stat. _ 16E.03.pdf \line \line Illinois: \line The common themes or principle\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 shared among various state cybersecurity regulations include developing, implementing, and maintaining a comprehensive written information security program based on risk assessment, protecting the security and confidentiality of nonpublic information, mi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
imizing harm to consumers, and more. These regulations emphasize the importance of proactive cybersecurity measures, personnel training, incident response planning, and compliance certification. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Illinois\\Insuran\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\\215 ILCS 215_10.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_20.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Government\\
20 ILCS 1375_5-15.pdf \line \line The common themes or principles shared among various state cybersecurity regulations inclu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e the following: \line \line 
1. Implementation of the program should match the licensee's size, complexity, activities, and sensitivity of information. \line \line 2. Objectives of the program should focus on protecting nonpublic information, information system security, and
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 minimizing harm to consumers. \line \line 3. During risk assessment, threats should be identified, assessed for potential damage, and safeguards evaluated. \line \line 
4. The licensee needs to design a program to mitigate risks and implement appropriate security measures. \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
. Boards of directors should oversee the information security program and annual reporting. \line \line 6. Due diligence should be exercised in selecting and overseeing third-party service providers. \line \line 
7. The information security program should be monitored, evalua\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ed, and adjusted as needed. \line \line 8. An incident response plan should be established to respond to cybersecurity events. 
\line \line 9. Insurers domiciled in the state must annually certify compliance with these requirements}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid7875284 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7875284 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e50000000000000000000000005058
c919f6ddda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}