{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1921651}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr13\min20}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr13\min20}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages15}{\nofwords6273}{\nofchars35761}{\nofcharsws41951}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot1921651 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid1921651 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q15. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid1921651 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 How do state cybersecurity regulations differ in terms of scope and applicability}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid1921651 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid15998395 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid1921651 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid1921651 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line 5. Arizona \line 6. Colorado \line 
7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 18. Oregon \line 
19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. South Carolina \line 23. Indiana \line 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. Kansas \line 28. Arka\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
sas \line 29. Idaho \line 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 40. Alabama \line 
41. North Dakota \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. New Mexico \line 46. K\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ntucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 50. Illinois 
\line \line New Hampshire: \line The state cybersecurity regulations in New Hampshire, as outlined in RSA 21-R:4-a, encompass a wide range of responsibilities including chairing the cybersecurity advisory\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
committee, developing information security policies and standards, managing cyber disruption plans, providing security expertise to the government, implementing security awareness programs, tracking security metrics, and much more. These regulations are s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecified in detail under various sections of RSA 21-R:4-a. \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Government\\RSA 21-R_4-a.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
New Hampshire\\Government\\RSA 21-R_4.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshir\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Insurance\\RSA 420-P_6.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Government\\
RSA 21-R_3.pdf \line \line Delaware: \line \hich\f1 The response outlined in the given text explains that state cybersecurity regulations in Delaware, as per 18 Del. C. \'a7\loch\f1  8604, mandate licensees to\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 develop, implement, and maintain an information security program based on a risk assessment, with safeguards for protecting nonpublic information and the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s information system. The program's requirements must be proportional to the licensee's size,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 complexity, activities, and sensitivity of the information in their possession. The objectives include safeguarding information security, confidentiality, integrity, and preventing unauthorized access. These regulations aim to ensure that licensees in De
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 aware have tailored and effective information security programs that address their individual needs and risks. \line \line Reference: Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\
18 Del. C. _ 8604.pdf \line \line Virginia: \line In summary, state cybersecurity regulations vary in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
terms of scope and applicability, with certain exclusions specified in Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 2.2-3705.2. These exclusions include confidential information from rape crisis centers, security system details, Rail Fixed Guideway Systems information, school safety \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
udit components, and more. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  2.2-3705.2.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 38.2-623.pdf \line \line New York: \line State cybersecurity regulations vary in sc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 pe and applicability, as outlined in NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1 
 103. The regulations include advising and assisting state agencies in developing technology policies, coordinating technology purchases, establishing common technology networks, developing\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
a statewide strategy plan for interagency coordination, issuing guidance and training for compliance with technology guidelines, and protecting the state government's cybersecurity infrastructure. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law
\\New York\\Infor\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ation Technology\\\hich\f1 NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1  103.pdf (Context 1) \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 
NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1  103.pdf (Context 2) \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Information Technology\\NY CLS STATE T\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 E\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 CHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1 
 209.pdf (Context 3) \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Energy\\\hich\f1 NY CLS Energy \'a7\loch\f1  16-104.pdf (Context 4) \line \line Arizona: \line According to Legislation code: A.R.S. Title 18, Ch. 5, Art. 4: \line 
I. Arizona's cybersecurity regulations are specified under \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 .R.S. Title 18, Chapter 5, Article 4, focusing on Data Security Breaches (\'a7\'a7\loch\f1  18-551 \hich\f1 \emdash 
\loch\f1  18-552). \line II. The legislation is current through the 56th Legislature's 2nd Regular session (2024), encompassing all legislation enacted through March 1, 2024, as outlin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
\hich\f1 d in LexisNexis\'ae\loch\f1  Arizona Annotated Revised Statutes. \line III. This legislation differs in its scope and applicability compared to other states based on the specifics of Article 4, which addresses Data Security Breaches in Arizona. 
\line \line References: \line 1) Current C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 bersecurity Law\\Arizona\\Data Security Breaches\\Article 4 Data Security Breaches.pdf \line \line Colorado: \line 
The state cybersecurity regulations in Colorado, as outlined in Legislation code C.R.S. 24-33.5-1905, encompass various key areas. These include partnerships \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ith academic and nonprofit organizations for research and development, establishment of secure facilities, collaborations with federally funded research organizations, support for law enforcement in addressing cyber threats to critical infrastructure, coo
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
dination for cybersecurity advice and standards, protection of personal information in distributed ledger programs, and promotion of distributed ledger technologies in public sector education. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Colorado\\Cybersecu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ity\\C.R.S. 24-33.5-1905.pdf \line \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\C.R.S. 24-33.5-1901.pdf \line \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\
Cybersecurity\\C.R.S. 24-33.5-1903.pdf \line \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Joint Technology Committee\\C.R.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 . 2-3-1704.pdf \line \line Georgia: \line \hich\f1 
State cybersecurity regulations vary in scope and applicability based on the entities involved. O.C.G.A. \'a7\loch\f1  38-3-22.2 outlines key points: \line - Paragraph (a) defines "Agency" and "Utility" to specify covered entities. \line - Paragraph 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b) mandates reporting cyber incidents for agencies. \line - Paragraph (c) requires similar reporting for utilities, ensuring confidentiality and federal compliance. \line 
- Paragraph (d) protects reports and records from public disclosure. \line - Paragraph (e) maintain\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 agencies' and utilities' duty to notify impacted individuals. These regulations prioritize incident reporting, confidentiality, and reporting mechanisms for agencies and utilities. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\
Military\\O.C.G.A. _ 3\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 8\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 -3-22.2.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\State Government\\O.C.G.A. _ 50-18-72.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\State Government\\
O.C.G.A. _ 50-14-3.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\State Government\\O.C.G.A. _ 50-29-21.pdf \line \line Vermo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t: \line \hich\f1 
The response provided discusses the composition of the Council according to 20 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1 
 4662 in Vermont's cybersecurity regulations. The Council is made up of various members from different sectors such as government, utilities, healthcare, businesses,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 emergency management, and IT leaders. The reference material for further details on Vermont's cybersecurity laws is also outlined. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Cybersecurity\\\hich\f1 20 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1 
 4662.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Government\\\hich\f1 3 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  3301.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Government\\\hich\f1 3 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  3303.pdf \line 
4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Financial\\\hich\f1 8 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4728.pdf \line \line Wyoming: \line \hich\f1 According to Wyo. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  9-21-101: \line \line \hich\f1 \'a7\u8201\'20\loch\f1 9-21-101. Data policies. \line 
\line (a) Ever\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 agency shall adopt, enforce and maintain a policy regarding the collection, access, security and use of data. The policy shall, at a minimum, comply with applicable federal and state law, adhere to standards set by the state chief information officer and
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 include the following: \line (i) An inventory and description of all data required of, collected or stored by an agency; \line 
(ii) Authorization and authentication mechanisms for accessing the data; \line (iii) Administrative, physical and logical security safeguards, \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ncluding employee training and data encryption; 
\line (iv) Privacy and security compliance standards; \line (v) Processes for identification of and response to data security incidents, including breach notification and mitigation procedures; \line (vi) In accordance wit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  existing law, processes for the destruction and communication of data. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wyoming\\Government\\\hich\f1 Wyo. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  9-21-101.pdf \line \line 
Rhode Island: \line Summary: \line State cybersecurity regulations in Rhode Island require the establi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
hment of a cybersecurity incident response group by the governor, which includes various key officials from state agencies. This group is responsible for developing communication protocols for cybersecurity breaches, identifying reporting requirements, an
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 ensuring timely notifications to affected parties. Additionally, the group sets long-term policy planning and goals for addressing cybersecurity threats in a coordinated manner. The group operates under specific openness and access to public records regu
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ations. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\Government\\\hich\f1 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  42-7-9.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island
\\Criminal\\\hich\f1 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  11-49.3-7.pdf \line \line Nebraska: \line The state cybersecurity regulations differ in terms of \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
cope and applicability based on the definitions provided in R.R.S. Neb. \'a7\loch\f1  81-829.01. This includes defining terms such as critical infrastructure utility worker, priority access, utility, and utility system among others. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rity Law\\Nebraska\\Government\\\hich\f1 R.R.S. Neb. \'a7\loch\f1  81-829.01.pdf \line \line Nevada: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 
State cybersecurity regulations in Nevada, as per Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.930, focus on developing a statewide strategic plan encompassing policies, procedures, and recommend\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tions for identifying, preventing, and responding to threats and attacks on information systems, safeguarding essential services, protecting personal information confidentiality, investing in security technologies, and promoting information sharing among 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
elevant entities. Private entities can utilize the information in the strategic plan, and State Government agencies with cybersecurity policies must test employee adherence periodically, submitting results for consideration in updating the strategic plan.
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.930.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\
Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.900.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Govrenment\\Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'a7\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  236.090.pdf \line \line Michigan: \line 
Here is a summary of the response provided: \line \line State cybersecurity regulations vary depending on the size, complexity, activities, and sensitivity of nonpublic information of the licensee. Licensees are mandated to establish and m
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
intain a comprehensive information security program with safeguards for nonpublic information and systems. They must defend against threats, unauthorized access, and harm to consumers through policies, procedures, and secure disposal of unnecessary inform
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tion. Risk assessment is crucial for designing security measures and addressing cybersecurity risks. Boards of directors oversee the information security program and annual reporting. Due diligence is necessary in selecting and monitoring third-party serv
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ce providers. Incident response plans are required for addressing cybersecurity incidents promptly. Compliance certifications and documentation for inspection are mandated annually. \line 
\line References: \line \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS _ 500\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 .555.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS _ 500.555.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\
Government\\MCLS _ 15.232.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Government\\MCLS _ 18.230.pdf \line \line Florida: \line Summary: \line 1. State cybersecuri\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y regulations in Florida have consistent scope and applicability across various state agencies. \line 2. Florida Department of Law Enforcement must be notified of severe-level incidents, described as those likely to have a significant impact. \line 
3. State agencie\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  are required to promptly report cybersecurity incidents, including ransomware and severity level 3, 4, or 5 incidents, following specific procedures. \line 
4. The Cybersecurity Operations Center provides regular consolidated incident reports to key entities a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  outlined in the regulations. \line \line Reference: \line - Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Florida\\Information Technology\\Fla. Stat. _ 282.318.pdf - Contexts 1 and 2 \line \line Missouri: \line I am sorry, but I am unable to provide an answer as the necessary context information is missin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 . \line \line Wisconsin: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 State cybersecurity regulations in Wisconsin, as outlined in Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 601.952, mandate licensees to establish and maintain a comprehensive information security program focusing on protecting information systems and nonpublic \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ata. Requirements include conducting risk assessments, implementing security measures, designating a responsible individual, providing cybersecurity training, overseeing compliance by the board, and submitting annual certifications to demonstrate adherenc
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 . Exemptions are available based on specific criteria. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.951.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wiscon\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 in\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 601.954.pdf \line \line Tennessee: \line \hich\f1 State cybersecurity regulations vary in scope and applicability in Tennessee under Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 56-2-1004. Licensees must develop, implement, and maintain a tailored written information security pro\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ram by July 1, 2022, with administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect nonpublic information, address threats, prevent unauthorized access, and establish retention schedules. Additionally, licensees must conduct risk assessments, mitigate
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 identified risks, implement security measures, include cybersecurity risks in enterprise risk management, and provide cybersecurity awareness training to personnel. \line \line 
Reference: Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004.pdf\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Oregon: \line Summary: \line 
State cybersecurity regulations differ in scope and applicability based on the establishment of the Oregon Cybersecurity Center of Excellence at Portland State University. The center provides services such as awareness, education, wor
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 k\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
force development, and research to Oregon public bodies with a focus on local governments, regional governments, and school districts. It serves as an advisory body to the Legislative Assembly, Governor, and State Chief Information Officer, offers cyberse
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urity assessment services, collaborates on IT projects, and promotes the development of the state's cybersecurity workforce through various initiatives. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555.pdf \line \line Connect\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cut: \line 
State cybersecurity regulations vary in scope and applicability, requiring businesses to implement cybersecurity controls to safeguard personal and restricted information. Covered entities, defined as businesses handling such information through sys
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ems, networks, or services, must comply to prevent data breaches that could lead to identity theft or fraud. The regulations offer protection from punitive damages to covered entities with a written cybersecurity program adhering to an industry-recognized
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 framework. Factors influencing the scope of a cybersecurity program include the entity's size, complexity, activities, sensitivity of information, and available security tools. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Business Practices\\Con\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 . Gen. Stat. _ 42-901.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Insurance\\
Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 38a-38.pdf \line \line Mississippi: \line \hich\f1 State cybersecurity regulations in Mississippi, outlined in Miss. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  25-53-201, impose specific enterprise security requir\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ments on state agencies to safeguard data and IT resources. The Mississippi Department of Information Technology Services is responsible for defining enterprise cybersecurity systems and services applicable to state agencies, with agencies mandated to par
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
icipate in Enterprise Security Program initiatives instead of implementing duplicate services. Executive directors of state agencies bear sole responsibility for data and IT resource security, irrespective of location. The Department evaluates the Enterpr
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 se Security Program to align with national best practices and enhance cybersecurity efforts in state agencies. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\
Government\\Miss. Code Ann. _ 25-53-201.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Ins\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rance\\Miss. Code Ann. __ 83-5-807.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line \hich\f1 
The state cybersecurity regulations vary in scope and applicability. According to Legislation code 18 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f1  2070, the requirements outlined are voluntary for covered entities. To seek an affirmative \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
efense, the covered entity must have a written cybersecurity program in place that includes safeguards for personal and restricted information. The program should align with an industry-recognized cybersecurity framework and be regularly reviewed and upda
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ed. A covered entity meeting these criteria is entitled to an affirmative defense in tort actions related to data breaches involving personal or restricted information. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oklahoma\\Hospital Cybersecurity Protection\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Act\\\hich\f1 18 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f1  2070.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oklahoma\\
Hospital Cybersecurity Protection Act\\\hich\f1 18 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f1  2071.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oklahoma\\Government\\\hich\f1 74 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f1  3113.1.pdf \line \line South Carolina: \line State cybersecurity regulations va
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y in terms of scope and applicability based on factors such as the size and complexity of the licensee, the nature and scope of activities, use of third-party service providers, and the sensitivity of nonpublic information. Each licensee is required to de
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
elop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive written information security program with administrative, technical, and physical safeguards. The program must aim to protect nonpublic information, the information system, prevent unauthorized access, and est
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
blish retention and destruction mechanisms for nonpublic information. The licensee must designate individuals responsible for the program, identify threats, assess potential damages, evaluate existing safeguards, and implement information safeguards to ad
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ress identified threats. Additionally, the effectiveness of key controls, systems, and procedures must be assessed annually. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
South Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20.pdf \line \line Indiana: \line State cybersecurity\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
regulations vary in terms of scope and applicability by requiring licensees to promptly investigate cybersecurity events, maintain records for at least five years, notify the commissioner within three business days of harmful events, provide detailed info
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
mation on the event, and update the commissioner on material changes. This includes immediate action, record-keeping, notification procedures, information disclosure, and ongoing updates to the commissioner. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\
User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Res\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 arch\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Insurance\\Burns Ind. Code Ann. _27-2-27-21.pdf \line 2) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Insurance\\Burns Ind. Code Ann. _27-2-27-18.pdf \line 3) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Res\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 arch\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Insurance\\
Burns Ind. Code Ann._27-2-27-21.pdf \line 4) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Consumer Protection\\Burns Ind. Code Ann._4-13.1-2-2.pdf \line \line Utah: \line Summary: \line The st
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 te cybersecurity regulations in Utah, as per Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 63A-16-214, encompass all systems and data utilized by executive branch agencies. This includes hardware, software, and third-party software in various environments. These regulations are appli\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 able to governmental entities within the state, such as state entities, political subdivisions, and entities created by them. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 
Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-16-214.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Cy\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ersecurity Affirmative Defense Act\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  78B-4-703.pdf \line \line 
West Virginia: \line \hich\f1 State cybersecurity regulations vary in scope and applicability, as outlined in W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-4. This code mandates state agencies and entities to undergo cyber risk\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
assessments, follow cybersecurity standards set by the Chief Information Security Officer, adhere to enterprise cybersecurity policies, manage cybersecurity controls, submit exception requests, complete self-assessment reports, maintain action plans, and 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ubmit annual cybersecurity readiness reports. The reference details the specific provisions of the West Virginia cybersecurity law. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
West Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-4.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity La\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 West Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-2.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-3.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-1.pdf \line \line Maryland: \line 
The response outlines Maryla\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 d State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 3.5-406, which requires each unit of State government to report cybersecurity preparedness assessments annually. It details the specific information required in the report, including inventory of information sys\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ems, cybersecurity training for employees, IT budget breakdown, and future IT plans. Additionally, any cybersecurity incidents must be reported to the State Chief Information Security Officer. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Governmen\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.5-406.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Government\\
Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.5-2A.04.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Government\\Md. State Finance and Procurement Co\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e Ann. _ 3.5-407.pdf \line 
4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Government\\Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.5-2A.03.pdf \line \line Kansas: \line Summarized Response: \line \hich\f1 Kansas cybersecurity regulations, as outlined in K.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1 
 75-7240, require executive branch\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
agency heads to take full responsibility for securing data and IT resources. This includes implementing agency-wide security programs, participating in statewide cybersecurity initiatives, submitting self-assessment reports, including cybersecurity in pro
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
urement, and following breach notification protocols. Additionally, directors must provide leadership training, deactivate IT credentials when employees leave, and offer annual security training for staff. The CISO oversees report templates and data aggre
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ation for committee review. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\K.S.A. _ 75-7240.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\
K.S.A. _ 75-7239.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\K.S.A. _ 75-7244.pdf \line \line Arka\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sas: \line 
I do not have specific information related to state cybersecurity regulations at the moment. \line \line Idaho: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 Idaho Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 67-827A authorizes the office of information technology services to oversee the implementation of cybersecurity policies, c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ordinate with state agencies on information security needs, conduct penetration tests and vulnerability scans, mandate education and training for state employees, maintain a statewide cybersecurity website for sharing best practices, facilitate public out
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 each efforts, and promulgate rules to achieve the objectives of the act. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Idaho\\Government\\Idaho Code _ 67-827A.pdf \line \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Idaho\\Government\\Idaho Code _ 67-827.pdf \line \line North Carolina: \line Summa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y: \line \hich\f1 
State cybersecurity regulations in North Carolina, as outlined in N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 143B-1379, require state agencies to cooperate with the State CIO on information technology and cybersecurity matters. State agencies must designate liaisons for coord\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nation, report cybersecurity incidents to the Department, and share information that is protected from public disclosure. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7
\loch\f1  143B-1379.pdf \line 2) Current Cyberse\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urity Law\\North Carolina\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1320.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
North Carolina\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1378.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\Information Technology\\N.C. Ge\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1379.pdf \line \line Texas: \line The response outlines Tex. Gov\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 \hich\f1 t Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 2054.518 concerning cybersecurity risks and incidents addressed by the department. It describes the development of a plan, potential collaboration with national organizations like t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e National Cybersecurity Preparedness Consortium, and the incorporation of various components into existing state emergency plans. The goal is to prevent unnecessary duplication of efforts by seeking to address cybersecurity risks effectively. \line 
\line Reference\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 : \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2054.5181.pdf \line \line California: \line 
I need more information to provide an accurate answer. \line \line Montana: \line The state cybersecurity regulations in Montana differ in terms of scope and applicability as summa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ized below: 1) Scope of regulations: Any person or business in Montana owning or licensing computerized data containing personal information must disclose any breach to Montana residents. Notification must also be provided in case personal information is 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
elieved to be acquired by an unauthorized person. 2) Applicability of regulations: Notification methods include written, electronic, telephonic, or substitute notice. Entities with their own notification procedures for personal information are considered 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ompliant if notice is not unreasonably delayed. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Montana\\Identity Theft\\30-14-1704 Computer security breach.pdf \line \line 
Massachusetts: \line State cybersecurity regulations in Massachusetts differ in scope and applicability\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
based on several factors. The Department of Consumer Affairs and Business Regulation establishes regulations for individuals who own or license personal information of Massachusetts residents. Rules are designed to protect this information in alignment wi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
h federal regulations. Additionally, regulations for executive offices, agencies, departments, boards, and commissions consider various factors such as size, services provided, resources, and the need for security. Different branches of the government, in
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 luding the legislative and judicial branches, the attorney general, the state secretary, the state treasurer, and the state auditor, adopt rules tailored to their respective departments. 
\line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 M GL ch. 93H, _ 2.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Government\\
ALM GL ch. 40J, _ 6J.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Government\\ALM GL ch. 7D, _ 7.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Government\\ALM GL ch. 40J, _ 4H.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 pdf \line \line Iowa: \line 
\hich\f1 According to Iowa Code \'a7\loch\f1  554G.3: \line 1. State cybersecurity regulations differ in terms of scope and applicability based on: \line 
a. The covered entity's cybersecurity program conforming to specific industry-recognized cybersecurity frameworks or st\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ndards. \line 
b. Whether the covered entity is regulated by the state or federal government and conforms to the security requirements of various laws or regulations. \line c. Compliance with the payment card industry data security standard and relevant industry-rec
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 gnized cybersecurity frameworks. \line 2. The covered entity must reasonably conform elements of its cybersecurity program to all revised frameworks within specific time frames. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Commerce\\Iowa Code _ 554G.3.pdf \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Insurance\\Iowa Code _ 507F.4.pdf \line \line New Jersey: \line 
\hich\f1 The state cybersecurity regulations in New Jersey, specifically N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  58:31-4.1, require water purveyors to update their cybersecurity programs for industrial control \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ystems within public community water systems, aligning with recognized cybersecurity frameworks. Any revisions to the chosen framework must be promptly incorporated, and compliance certifications must be submitted annually to relevant authorities. Non-com
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
liant water systems may undergo audits by the New Jersey Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Cell, with corrective action plans required from purveyors. Regular proof of compliance must be provided upon request. The board oversees and updates the
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cybersecurity program requirements accordingly. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Utilities\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  58_31-4.1.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  52_17B-193.3.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Jersey\\Utilities\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7
\loch\f1  58_31-4.pdf \line \line Washington: \line \hich\f1 State cybersecurity regulations in Washington, as outlined in Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1 
 43.105.450, detail the primary responsibilities of the office of cybersecurity. These include establishing secu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ity standards and policies, developing a centralized cybersecurity protocol, detecting and responding to security incidents, creating incident response plans, ensuring business continuity, providing guidance on cybersecurity best practices, serving as a r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
source for local governments, developing a service catalog, collaborating with agencies on cybersecurity responses, defining core services for agency security programs, and carrying out necessary tasks to fulfill the chapter's purposes. Additionally, all 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tate agencies, institutions of higher education, the legislature, and the judiciary must align their IT security programs with the office's standards and policies. \line \line Reference: 
\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  4\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 .105.450.pdf \line \line Louisiana: \line \hich\f1 
State cybersecurity regulations vary in terms of scope and applicability. According to Louisiana Revised Statutes \'a7\loch\f1  42:1267, state agencies are mandated to provide training programs focused on information security to safeguard a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ainst cyberattacks. The programs aim to instill security habits, promote best practices, and address security threats. Additionally, agencies must identify personnel with access to IT assets for cybersecurity training, ensure completion within specified t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 melines, and verify and report compliance to the Department of State Civil Service. Contractors with access to government IT assets are also required to undergo cybersecurity training. \line 
\line References: \line 1) [Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Government\\La. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 R\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 .S. _ 42_1267.pdf](static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Government\\La. R.S. _ 42_1267.pdf) \line 
2) [Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Insurance\\La. R.S. _ 22_2504.pdf](static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Insurance\\La. R.S. _ 22_2504.pdf) \line \line Main\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 : \line \hich\f1 
The state cybersecurity regulations outlined in Legislation code 24-A M.R.S. \'a7\loch\f1 
 2264 vary in scope and applicability based on the licensee's activities, use of 3rd-party service providers, and sensitivity of nonpublic information. It requires licensees \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
o establish information security programs aimed at protecting data confidentiality, preventing threats to information systems, and establishing retention schedules. Risk assessments, threat identification, safeguard evaluation, and regular controls review
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
are mandated, along with board oversight and reporting. Licensees must oversee 3rd-party service providers' cybersecurity measures, make adjustments for technological changes, and establish incident response plans. Annual certifications to the superintend
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nt are mandatory for compliance verification. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\
Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2266.pdf \line \line Alabama: \line \hich\f1 According to Code of Ala. \'a7\loch\f1  8-38-12: \line \line 1. An \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ntity subject to or regulated by state laws, rules, regulations, procedures, or guidance on data breach notification established or enforced by state government, and are at least as thorough as the notice requirements provided by this chapter, is exempt f
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 om this chapter so long as the entity does all of the following: \line - Maintains procedures pursuant to those laws, rules, regulations, procedures, or guidance. \line 
- Provides notice to affected individuals pursuant to the notice requirements of those laws, rul\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s, regulations, procedures, or guidance. \line 
- Timely provides a copy of the notice to the Attorney General when the number of individuals the entity notified exceeds 1,000. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Alabama\\Data Breach Notification Act\\Fil
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s(12).pdf \line \line North Dakota: \line \hich\f1 According to N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  54-59-05: \line Scope and applicability of state cybersecurity regulations vary as follows: 
\line \line 1. The department shall provide network services that support rapid detection and resolution of problems, p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
otect infrastructure, and ensure the network facilitates open communications, among other duties. \line \line 
2. The department may enter a memorandum of understanding with other state governments to ensure information system integrity and consult on cybersecurity \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 trategies. \line \line 
3. The department may provide cybersecurity services to tribal government institutions at a cost equal to that provided to state agencies. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7
\loch\f1  54-59-05.pdf \line 2)\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-03.pdf \line \line 
Alaska: \line \hich\f1 According to Maryland Code, Transportation \'a7\loch\f1 10-221: \line 1. State cybersecurity regulations differ in terms of scope and applicabilit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 based on the state's transportation infrastructure and the extent to which it's connected to information technology systems. \line 
2. Some states have broader regulations that cover all agencies, while others may have more specific regulations applicable to c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rtain departments or functions within transportation entities. 
\line 3. Additionally, the enforcement and oversight mechanisms of these regulations can vary between states, impacting how they are implemented and adhered to within the transportation sector. \line \line R\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ferences: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Transportation\\\hich\f1 Md. Code, Transportation \'a7\loch\f1 10-221.pdf \line \line Ohio: \line Summary: \line 
State cybersecurity regulations vary in scope and applicability based on ORC Ann. 1354.03. T\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e regulations outline that covered entities must adhere to industry-recognized cybersecurity frameworks such as NIST guidelines and PCI data security standard. Compliance requirements depend on the entity's regulatory environment and industry standards. R
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 vision mandates require adherence to updated frameworks within a year of publication. \line \line References remain unchanged: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Commercial Transactions
\\ORC Ann. 1354.03.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Government\\ORC Ann. 125.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 18.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\ORC Ann. 3965.02.pdf \line \line Pennsylvania: \line Summary: \line 
State cybersecurity regulations vary in scope and applicability, particularly regarding notification criteria, thresholds, content requirements, updating o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ligations, compliance with specific acts, and provisions for third-party service providers, reinsurers, insurers, and producers of record. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1 
 4518.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsyl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ania\\\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1  4532.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1 
 4513.pdf \line \line New Mexico: \line \hich\f1 According to N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  9-27A-3: \line \line 1. The cybersecurity office is created and administratively attached to the department of information te\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 hnology, managed by the security officer. \line 
2. The cybersecurity office oversees cybersecurity and information security-related functions for agencies and may adopt and implement rules to establish minimum security standards and policies. \line 3. It develops m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nimum cybersecurity controls, monitors agency information technology networks, and obtains agency system event logs for monitoring and detection purposes. \line 
4. The cybersecurity office collaborates with state and federal cybersecurity emergency management \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 gencies to create a model incident-response plan for various incidents. \line 
5. It serves as a cybersecurity resource for local governments, develops a service catalog of cybersecurity services, and establishes core services to support security standards and \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 olicies. 
\line 6. The office also establishes minimum data classification policies, designs controls for compliance, issues cybersecurity awareness policies, and offers cybersecurity training services. \line 
7. It establishes a centralized cybersecurity and data br\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ach reporting process for agencies and political subdivisions of the state. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law
\\New Mexico\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  9-27A-3.pdf \line \line Kentucky: \line The state cybersecurity regulations differ in terms of sco\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e and applicability based on several factors, including the requirement for licensees to develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive written information security program tailored to their specific risk assessments and organizational characteristics. 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
icensees are also mandated to designate responsible individuals, assess threats, implement safeguards, and annually evaluate control effectiveness. Additionally, licensees must mitigate identified risks, implement security measures, integrate cybersecurit
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  risks into enterprise risk management, stay current on emerging threats, and provide cybersecurity awareness training to personnel. \line \line References: \line \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Insurance\\KRS _ 304.3-756.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Insurance\\KRS _ 304.3-760.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Finance\\KRS _ 292.336.pdf 
\line \line Hawaii: \line \hich\f1 According to the legislation code HRS \'a7\loch\f1  128B -1: \line \hich\f1 1) State cybersecurity regulations, particularly HRS \'a7\loch\f1  128B -1 in Hawaii, focus on establishing a f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ll-time cybersecurity, economic, education, and infrastructure security coordinator to oversee cybersecurity and cyber resiliency matters within the State. \line 
2) The cybersecurity coordinator in Hawaii partners with various entities, including those in the \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ower, water, communications, transportation, and finance sectors, to enhance cyber resiliency and security across critical infrastructure networks. \line 
3) These regulations aim to improve the State's cybersecurity and critical infrastructure resiliency, acce\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
erate the growth of the cybersecurity industry, secure funding for cybersecurity activities, and expand cybersecurity understanding and workforce through education. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Communications\\
HRS _ 128B-1.pdf \line 2) Cur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ent Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Insruance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-203.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line \hich\f1 According to Minn. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 16E.35: \line Subdivision 1. Cybersecurity grant program established. \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  The Department of IT Services may make grants to political subdivisio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s to support addressing cybersecurity risks and cybersecurity threats to information systems owned or operated by, or on behalf of, state, local, or Tribal governments, as provided in section 70612 of Public Law 117 -58. \line Subd. 2. Match requirement. 
\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  The\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
political subdivision receiving a grant must provide for the remainder of the costs of the project that exceed available state match appropriated funds, or that exceed goals defined in the statewide cybersecurity plan. \line Subd. 3. Criteria. \hich\f1 
\emdash \loch\f1  The department\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 may set criteria for program priorities and standards of review. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Information Technology\\
Minn. Stat. _ 16E.03.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Insurance\\Minn. Stat. _ 60A.9851.pdf \line \line South Dak\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ta: \line \hich\f1 
The response outlines the categories of records exempted from disclosure under S.D. Codified Laws \'a7\loch\f1 
 1-27-1.5, which include personal information of students, medical records (excluding births and deaths), trade secrets, law enforcement records, perso\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nel information, security-related records, and others. These regulations vary in terms of scope and applicability based on the specific types of information covered. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Dakota\\Government\\
\hich\f1 S.D. Codified Laws \'a7\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 -27-1.5.pdf \line \line Illinois: \line 
The response outlines the responsibilities of the Office of the Statewide Chief Information Security Officer in Illinois as mandated by Legislation Code 20 ILCS 1375/5-15. It includes overseeing information security functions, pro
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
iding security services for State agencies, conducting planning and resource facilitation, identifying risks and vulnerabilities, managing incident responses, assessing systems, ensuring compliance, coordinating awareness programs, and developing strategi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s to safeguard information technology infrastructure and data. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Government\\20 ILCS 1375_5-15.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_10.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinoi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Government\\20 ILCS 1375_5-25.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Illinois\\Government\\20 ILCS 1375_5-30.pdf \line \line State cybersecurity regulations vary in terms of scope and applicability based on several factors, including the requirement for licensees to devel\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
p, implement, and maintain a comprehensive written information security program tailored to their specific risk assessments and organizational characteristics. Licensees are also mandated to designate responsible individuals, assess threats, implement saf
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
guards, and annually evaluate control effectiveness. Additionally, licensees must mitigate identified risks, implement security measures, integrate cybersecurity risks into enterprise risk management, stay current on emerging threats, and provide cybersec
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rity awareness training to personnel}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid1921651 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid1921651 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e50000000000000000000000001062
b234f6ddda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}