{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid13970806}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr13\min27}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr13\min28}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages15}{\nofwords5752}{\nofchars32793}{\nofcharsws38469}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot13970806 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13970806 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q16: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid13970806 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Can you identify any trends in the enforcement mechanisms employed by different states in their cybersecurity regulations}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid13970806 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid11691772 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid13970806 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid13970806 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line 5. Arizona \line 6. Colorado \line 
7. Georgia \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island \line 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 18. Oregon \line 
19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. South Carolina \line 23. Indiana \line 24. Utah \line 25. West Virg\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. Kansas \line 
28. Arkansas \line 29. Idaho \line 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 40. Alabama \line 
41. North Dakota \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. New Mexico \line 46. Kentucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 50. Illinois \line \line New Hampshire: \line 
Summary of response: \line The enforcement mechanisms in different states, particularly in New Hampshire as outlined in RSA 420-P:6, inc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ude notifying the commissioner within a specified timeframe following a cybersecurity event. Licensees are required to provide detailed information about the event, notify consumers, and follow specific procedures when dealing with cybersecurity events in
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 olving third-party service providers. Additionally, the law provides clarification on notice requirements for reinsurers, insurers, and producers of record. \line \line References: \line 
1) RSA 420-P:6 \line 2) RSA 21-R_4 \line 3) RSA 420-P:5 \line \line Delaware: \line The response highlights \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
he importance of implementing an information security program and incident response plan as part of cybersecurity regulations enforced by states. It emphasizes the need for safeguards to protect nonpublic information, information systems, and the continui
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y of business operations. \line \line References: \line \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8604.pdf \line \line Virginia: \line \hich\f1 
The response provided details about the cybersecurity regulations for licensees in Virginia, as outlined in Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-6\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
3. It highlights the requirements for licensees to develop, implement, and maintain information security programs based on risk assessment, protect nonpublic information, designate responsible personnel, mitigate risks, monitor, evaluate, and adjust secur
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ty programs as necessary, and establish an incident response plan. Additionally, oversight by the board or committee, due diligence in selecting third-party service providers, and annual certifications of compliance are emphasized. \line \line 
References: \line \line 1) Curr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nt Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-623.pdf \line \line New York: \line 
The enforcement mechanisms employed in cybersecurity regulations include protecting the state government's cybersecurity infrastructure, entering into contracts with various\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
entities, undertaking technology projects, establishing statewide technology policies, and adopting rules and regulations. These actions are carried out to enhance cybersecurity, deter and respond to cyber events, and promote awareness within the state. 
\line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 References: \line 1. Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1  103.pdf \line 2. Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\
Internet Security and Privacy Act\\_ 208.pdf \line \line Arizona: \line \hich\f1 According to Texas Transportation Code \'a7\loch\f1  222.003\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\f1 
Enforcement mechanisms employed by different states in their cybersecurity regulations can vary. For example, in Texas, under Transportation Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 222.003, any entity that violates the code may be subject to a civil penalty not to exceed $1,000 for eac\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  violation. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\
RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Transportation\\\hich\f1 Tex. Transp. Code \'a7\loch\f1  222.003.pdf \line \line Colorado: \line The response mentions that the committee may request information and presentations from st
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
te agencies regarding data privacy and cybersecurity, coordinate with the Colorado cybersecurity council, consider if state agencies are collecting or retaining excessive data, determine who has access to data and how it is protected, and assess measures 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o safeguard data from unauthorized access, disclosure, use, modification, or destruction. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\
C.R.S. 24-33.5-1905.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\C.R.S. 24-33.5-1904.p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\
C.R.S. 24-33.5-1903.pdf \line \line Georgia: \line The response discusses the requirement for agencies to report cyber attack incidents, data breaches, or malware use to the director of emergency management and home\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 and security in Georgia. The reference to the relevant Georgia cybersecurity laws is provided. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\Military\\O.C.G.A. _ 38-3-22.2.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\State Government\\O.C.G.A. _ 50-18-72.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 df \line \line Vermont: \line \hich\f1 According to 20 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4662: \line 
1) Enforcement mechanisms employed by different states in their cybersecurity regulations involve the creation of advisory councils to advise on cybersecurity infrastructure, best practices, communications pr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tocols, standards, training, and safeguards. \line 
2) These councils have duties that include developing strategic plans for protecting public and private sector information and systems from cybersecurity attacks, evaluating statewide cybersecurity readiness, \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 uilding strong partnerships with various sectors, and identifying opportunities to ensure a highly skilled cybersecurity workforce and raise citizen awareness. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Vermont\\Cybersecurity\\\hich\f1 20 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4662.pdf \line 2) Curr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nt Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Financial\\\hich\f1 8 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4728.pdf \line \line Wyoming: \line 
\hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.82: \line California, for instance, has implemented regulations regarding the protection of personal information that impose a private right of act\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
on in the event of a data breach. This means that individuals affected by a breach have the right to seek damages through a lawsuit. This enforcement mechanism provides an additional incentive for organizations to prioritize cybersecurity measures to avoi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  potential legal consequences. \line \line References: \line 1) C: \\ Users \\ User \\ Box \\ UTD \\ PhD Research \\ RAG-app \\ Current Cybersecurity Law \\ California \\ Civil Code \\
 Cal Civil Code _ 1798.82.pdf \line \line Rhode Island: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5: \line Enforce\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ent mechanisms employed by different states in their cybersecurity regulations include: \line 1. Requiring businesses to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices to protect personal information. \line 
2. Allowing the Attorney General to e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 force the regulations by bringing an action for civil penalties not exceeding $2,500 for each violation. \line 
3. Permitting civil actions to be brought by individuals to recover damages or injunctive relief in case of a data breach resulting from a business's\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
failure to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures. \line 4. Authorizing the court to award the greater of $100 or actual damages for each violation, or up to $750 per consumer per incident in cases of willful violations. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Use\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Privacy\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5.pdf \line \line Nebraska: 
\line According to the Massachusetts General Laws Chapter 93H: \line 1. Massachusetts uses a risk-based approach for enforcement of its regul\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tions on cybersecurity. \line 
2. The regulations require the development, implementation, and maintenance of a comprehensive written information security program, as well as encryption of personal information. \line 3. The state enforces these regulations through t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e Massachusetts attorney general and the Massachusetts Office of Consumer Affairs and Business Regulation. \line 
4. Enforcement mechanisms include civil penalties of up to $5,000 per violation and injunctive relief. \line 5. In addition, individuals affected by a d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ta breach may bring a private cause of action. \line 6. Enforcement actions can be taken against businesses that fail to comply with the regulations. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Chapter 9\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 H\\MA_Gen_Laws_Chapter_93H.pdf \line \line Nevada: \line 
The response highlights key points related to cybersecurity regulations in Nevada, emphasizing the importance of protecting information systems, addressing vulnerabilities, fostering collaboration, and enacting pro\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 isions to safeguard cyberinfrastructure. States that prioritize public safety and welfare through strategic planning, collaboration, and education contribute to a more secure cyber landscape. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Public Safet\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.900.pdf \line \line Michigan: \line \hich\f1 
The response highlights the enforcement mechanisms outlined in Michigan's cybersecurity regulations, specifically under MCLS \'a7\loch\f1  500.555. These mechanisms require licensees to develop and maintain detailed in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ormation security programs that safeguard nonpublic information, assess threats, implement safeguards, conduct regular testing, oversee by boards of directors, and establish incident response plans. Additionally, licensees must ensure compliance, certify 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nnually, and address areas for improvement. This information is detailed in the provided references. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\
MCLS _ 500.555.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Government\\MCLS _ 15.243.pdf \line 3) \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urrent Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS _ 500.555.pdf \line 
4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Government\\MCLS _ 18.230.pdf \line \line Florida: \line Summary: \line The enforcement mechanisms employed by different states in their cybersecurity regulations include dev\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
loping and publishing a cybersecurity governance framework for state agencies, appointing information security managers, establishing cybersecurity response teams, submitting cybersecurity plans annually, conducting risk assessments every 3 years, and kee
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ing certain cybersecurity records confidential to prevent unauthorized access. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Information Technology\\
Fla. Stat. _ 282.318.pdf_Context 1 \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Information Technology\\Fla. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tat. _ 282.318.pdf_Context 2 \line \line Missouri: \line \hich\f1 
According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.82: \line 1. Enforcement mechanisms are found in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and other California laws. \line 2. The California Attorney General enforces the CCPA wit
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  statutory fines in place for non-compliance. \line 3. The Attorney General's enforcement mechanisms include: \line a. Providing guidance to address concerns; \line 
b. Obtaining statutory damages in cases of data breaches; \line c. Issuing regulations related to the CCPA; \line d.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Engaging in outreach and developing policies to protect consumers' data. \line 
4. Additionally, private rights of action exist for certain data breaches under the CCPA. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Cal\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 fornia\\Civil Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.82.pdf \line \line Wisconsin: \line \hich\f1 According to Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952: \line 
1. Enforcement mechanisms in different states include provisions such as: \line - Designating at least one employee, affiliate, or outside vendor as responsible fo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 the information security program. \line 
- Requiring the executive management to report all relevant information to the board at least annually, including issues relating to risk assessment, risk management, 3rd-party service provider arrangements, and securit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  testing. \line - Implementing regular testing and monitoring of systems and procedures to detect actual and attempted attacks on information systems. \line 
- Requiring the licensee, if domiciled in the state, to annually submit a written certification of complianc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  with the cybersecurity requirements. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.953.pdf \line \line Tennessee: \line Summary: \line 
Enforcement mechanisms in cyb\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rsecurity regulations across different states often include requirements such as certification of compliance, maintaining records, conducting risk assessments, developing information security programs, incident response plans, cybersecurity awareness trai
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ing, and oversight of third-party service providers. These mechanisms aim to ensure comprehensive cybersecurity measures are in place. \line \line References: \line \hich\f1 
1) Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004.pdf \line \hich\f1 2) Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1006.pdf \line \hich\f1 3) Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1005.pd\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line Oregon: 
\line \hich\f1 According to ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555: \line \line 
1) Enforcement mechanisms employed by different states in their cybersecurity regulations involve the establishment of cybersecurity centers of excellence to oversee various cybersecurity-related activities, as s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
en in the case of the Oregon Cybersecurity Center of Excellence at Portland State University in Oregon. These centers serve as advisory bodies to the Legislative Assembly, Governor, and State Chief Information Officer on cybersecurity issues, provide info
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
mation and recommendations, coordinate information sharing, offer cybersecurity services to public bodies, and collaborate with ongoing information technology projects. Additionally, these centers develop strategic plans, submit reports, provide forums fo
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  discussions, and receive assistance from state government agencies in performing their duties. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\Information Technology\\
\hich\f1 ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555.pdf \line \line Connecticut: \line \hich\f1 According to Conn. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  38a -38: \line Enforcem\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nt mechanisms employed by different states in their cybersecurity regulations include the following criteria: \line 1. The Insurance Commissioner has the power to examine and investigate the affairs of a licensee to determine violations. \line 
2. The Commissioner m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y issue a statement setting forth the violation and a notice of a hearing. \line 
3. Licensees have an opportunity to show cause why an order enforcing the provisions or imposing penalties should not be entered. \line 4. The Commissioner may impose civil penalties o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 up to $50,000 for each violation and take necessary actions to enforce the law. \line 
5. Documents, materials, and information provided to the Insurance Department are confidential, privileged, not subject to disclosure, subpoena, or discovery in private civi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  actions. \line 
6. The Information Commissioner may share information with regulatory or law enforcement authorities and use such information for regulatory or legal actions. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Insurance\\
Conn. Gen. Stat. _ \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 8a-38.pdf \line \line Mississippi: \line \hich\f1 According to Miss. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  25-53-201: \line \line 
1) The enforcement mechanisms employed by different states in their cybersecurity regulations include: \line \line Paragraph (2) (j): "Include all appropriate cybersecurity requirements in the sp\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cifications for the agency\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s solicitation of state contracts for procuring data and information technology systems and services." \line \line 
Paragraph (4) (c): "A review of the minimum enterprise security requirements that must be incorporated in solicitations for\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
state contracts for procuring data and information technology systems and services." \line \line 
Paragraph (4) (d): "Whether opportunities exist to expand the Enterprise Security Program, including providing oversight of cybersecurity efforts of those governing aut\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
orities as defined in Section 25-53-3(f)." \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Government\\Miss. Code Ann. _ 25-53-201.pdf (Contexts 1, 2, 3, 4) \line \line Oklahoma: \line According to California's SB 327: \line 
1. The bill would provide that a manufactur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r of a connected device is required to equip the device with reasonable security features. \line 
2. Upon a request by a State, provides access to the hardware, firmware, or software of a connected device. \line 3. Ensuring that the device is capable of being secure\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y configured, take into consideration State-of-the-art security features. \line 4. California's SB 327 specifies a penalty structure for violations of the Act, including Attorney General enforcement. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\
UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Cal. Senate Bill 327.pdf \line \line South Carolina: \line \hich\f1 According to S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20: \line (B) A licensee\hich\f1 \rquote 
\loch\f1 s information security program must be designed to: \line (1) protect the security and confidentiality of nonpublic informa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ion and the security of the information system; \line 
(2) protect against threats or hazards to the security or integrity of nonpublic information and the information system; \line (3) protect against unauthorized access to or use of nonpublic information, and mini\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ize the likelihood of harm to a consumer; and \line (4) define and periodically reevaluate a schedule for retention of nonpublic information and a mechanism for its destruction when no longer needed. \line \line Reference: 
\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\In\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urance\\\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20.pdf \line \line Indiana: \line \hich\f1 Based on Burns Ind. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 27 -2-27-21 of Indiana's cybersecurity regulations, the enforcement mechanisms include the following trends seen in different states: \line \line 1. A licensee's obligation to notify t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e commissioner as promptly as possible but not later than three (3) business days after a determination that a cybersecurity event involving nonpublic information that is in the possession of the licensee has occurred. \line 
2. The requirement for a licensee t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 keep records concerning all cybersecurity events for at least five (5) years after the date of the cybersecurity event and to produce these records upon demand of the commissioner. \line 
3. The licensee's continuing obligation to update and supplement initial\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
and subsequent notifications to the commissioner concerning material changes to previously provided information related to the cybersecurity event. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Insurance\\
Burns Ind. Code Ann. _ 27-2-27-21.pdf \line \line Utah:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Summary: \line 
Different states use various enforcement mechanisms in their cybersecurity regulations, such as establishing cybersecurity centers and collaborating with entities like the Cybersecurity Commission, Office of the Attorney General, Utah Education
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
and Telehealth Network, FBI, and Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency. The Cyber Center in Utah is responsible for creating a strategic cybersecurity plan, mitigating threats, coordinating incident responses, promoting best practices, sharing 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 hreat intelligence, developing response plans, securing funding, and partnering with educational institutions for enhanced cyber resilience. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-16-1102.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ity Law\\Utah\\Cybersecurity Affirmative Defense Act\\\hich\f1 
Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  78B-4-703.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63C-27-202.pdf \line \line West Virginia: \line 
In response to the question regarding enforcement mechanisms in cybersecurity\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
regulations, the regulations in West Virginia include definitions of key terms like "cyber risk assessment," "privacy impact assessment," and "plan of action and milestones." These definitions provide clarity on the processes involved in identifying, anal
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 zing, evaluating risks, applying security controls, assessing privacy risks, and developing remedial plans. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\
Government\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-2.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Governme\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-4.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Education\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  18-2-5h.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-3.pdf \line \line Maryland: \line 
The response outlines the enforcement mechanisms empl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
yed by Maryland state government in their cybersecurity regulations. It includes requirements for reporting cybersecurity preparedness assessments, submitting reports to relevant authorities, reporting cybersecurity incidents to the State Chief Informatio
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Security Officer, and providing various specific information related to information systems, cybersecurity training, budget allocations, IT initiatives, and compliance metrics. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Government\\Md. State Fin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nce and Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.5-406.pdf \line \line Kansas: \line \hich\f1 
According to Legislation code K.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  75-7240: \line \line 1. Executive branch agency heads in Kansas are responsible for various aspects related to security of data and information technology resources, inclu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ing implementing security programs, participating in cybersecurity initiatives, and ensuring compliance with state and federal laws and regulations (a). \line 
2. State agency heads must submit cybersecurity self-assessment reports to the CISO, conduct internal\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
assessments, and provide financial summaries of cybersecurity expenditures while maintaining confidentiality (a)(8). \line 
3. In case of a breach involving personal or confidential information, agencies must comply with notification requirements and inform the\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 CISO within 48 hours of discovery (a)(9). \line 
4. Directors of state agencies are required to participate in annual leadership training on cyberattacks, data breaches, and protection of information and systems, along with ensuring proper management of informa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ion technology login credentials and providing security training to employees (b). \line 
5. The CISO, with input from relevant committees, develops self-assessment report templates, aggregates data, and ensures confidentiality of the reports (c). \line \line References:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\K.S.A. _ 75-7240.pdf \line \line Arkansas: \line I'm sorry, there is no context provided to answer the question. If you provide me with the necessary information, I'll be happy to assist you further. 
\line \line Idaho: \line Summary: Ida\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 o Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 67-827A outlines the various responsibilities of the office of information technology services in overseeing cybersecurity policies. These responsibilities include managing cybersecurity risks, coordinating with state agencies on information secu
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ity needs, conducting tests on state technology systems, providing employee training, establishing a statewide cybersecurity website, leading public outreach efforts, and issuing rules for cybersecurity legislation. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Law\\Idaho\\Government\\Idaho Code _ 67-827A.pdf \line \line North Carolina: \line \hich\f1 Based on N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1379: \line 
According to the legislation code: \line 1) The enforcement mechanisms employed in cybersecurity regulations include the requirement for state agencies to c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
operate with the State CIO by providing information on cybersecurity incidents, information technology security, and future cybersecurity needs (a). \line 
2) Designating an agency liaison in the information technology area to coordinate with the State CIO, sub\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 j\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ect to a criminal background report (a)(4). \line 
3) Completing mandatory annual security awareness training and reporting compliance for all personnel, including contractors and other users of State information technology systems (a)(5). \line 4) Information provi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ed by State agencies to the State CIO is protected from public disclosure (b). \line 5) Local government entities and private sector entities are encouraged to report cybersecurity incidents to the Department (c). \line 
\line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\No\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 th Carolina\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1379.pdf \line \line Texas: \line \hich\f1 
The response details the enforcement mechanisms outlined in Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1  411.084 for the use of Criminal History Record Information. It specifies limitations on the disclosure and\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
use of criminal history record information, restrictions on releasing information obtained from the FBI, prohibitions on confirming information to unauthorized recipients, and exemptions for private entities with cybersecurity compliance certifications. 
\line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\Tex. Gov\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 \hich\f1 t Code \'a7\loch\f1  411.084.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2054.512.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\Tex.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 2054.518.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2157.007.pdf \line \line California: \line 
I don't have the necessary information to provide an answer to the question about trends in enforcement mechanisms employed by different states in t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 eir cybersecurity regulations. \line \line 
Montana: \line According to Mass. Gen. Laws ch. 93H, 201 CMR 17.00: \line 1. States may differ in the specific mechanisms they employ for enforcing their cybersecurity regulations. \line 2. In Massachusetts, one of the enforcement mechan
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sms requires organizations to take specific actions in the event of a data breach. \line 
3. For example, they must provide notice regarding the breach to the attorney general and the Office of Consumer Affairs and Business Regulation. \line 4. Additionally, organiz\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tions may be subject to penalties for non-compliance with these regulations. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Cybersecurity Regulations\\
Mass. Gen. Laws ch. 93H, 201 CMR 17.00.pdf \line \line Massac\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 usetts: \line \hich\f1 According to ALM GL ch. 93H, \'a7\loch\f1  2: \line 
1. Enforcement mechanisms employed by different states in their cybersecurity regulations include the adoption of regulations by relevant departments to safeguard personal information, considering factors such a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  the size and resources of the organization, the amount of stored data, and the need for security and confidentiality of consumer and employee information (Section 2(a)). \line 
2. Rules or regulations designed to safeguard personal information are established \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y supervisors of records in consultation with the information technology division, taking into account the size and scope of services provided, available resources, stored data, and the need for security and confidentiality (Section 2(b)). \line 
3. Various dep\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rtments within the legislative branch, judicial branch, and other government bodies also adopt rules or regulations to protect personal information, ensuring security, confidentiality, and protection against unauthorized access that could harm residents o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  the commonwealth (Section 2(c)). \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 2.pdf \line \line Iowa: \line \hich\f1 
The response outlines the requirements for licensee notification of cybersecurity events according to Iowa Code \'a7\loch\f1  507F.7.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Licensees must provide specific information to the commissioner within three business days of confirming a cybersecurity event and update the notification as material changes occur. The response also includes references to relevant cybersecurity laws in I
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 wa. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Insurance\\Iowa Code _ 507F.7.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Insurance\\Iowa Code _ 507F.4.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Commerce\\Iowa Code _ 554G.3.pdf \line \line New Jersey: \line According to N.J. S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 at. \'a7\loch\f1  52:17B-193.3: \line 
e. The cyber incident reporting system shall permit the New Jersey Office of Homeland Security and Preparedness to: \line (1) securely accept a cybersecurity incident notification from any individual or private entity, regardless of whethe
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  the entity is a public agency or government contractor; \line (2) track and identify trends in cybersecurity incidents reported through the cyber incident reporting system; and \line 
(3) produce reports on the types of incidents, indicators, defensive measures, an\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  entities reported through the cyber incident reporting system. \line \line Reference: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  52_17B-193.3.pdf. \line \line Washington: \line Summary of response: \line Different states are using various enforcement mechanisms \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
o oversee cybersecurity compliance. In Washington, the office of cybersecurity ensures adherence to security standards for state IT resources, with agencies required to follow these standards, update programs annually, and undergo compliance audits every 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
hree years. The office provides formal guidance, submits confidential reports on cybersecurity risks and compliance failures to the governor and legislative committees, and tracks risks longitudinally. \line \line References: \line 
- Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450(2).pdf \line - Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1 
 43.105.450.pdf \line - Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.054(2).pdf \line \line Louisiana: \line Su\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
mary: The response outlines the requirements for licensees to develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive information security program based on their risk assessment. The program should include administrative, technical, and physical safeguards, tail
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 red to the licensee's size, activities, and sensitivity of information. It aims to protect nonpublic information, prevent threats, unauthorized access, and define retention schedules. \line 
\line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Insurance\\La. R.S.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 _ 22_2504.pdf \line \line Maine: \line 
The response highlights the enforcement mechanisms employed by states in their cybersecurity regulations. It outlines requirements such as developing and maintaining an information security program, conducting risk assessments, imp
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ementing security measures, overseeing by the board of directors, and more. Each state may have variations in their specific regulations, as indicated in the example from 24-A M.R.S. 
\'a7\loch\f1  2264 in Maine. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nce\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf \line \line Alabama: \line \hich\f1 
According to California State Civil Code Division 7, Part 2, \'a7\loch\f1  1798.91.04: \line Enforcement mechanisms employed by different states in their cybersecurity regulations are varied and evolving. Some states, like California,
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 have implemented comprehensive data protection laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), which provide consumers with rights regarding their personal information and impose obligations on bus
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nesses to protect that information. Other states have focused on specific industries or sectors, such as New York's Department of Financial Services' Cybersecurity Regulation for financial institutions or the Health Insurance Portability and Accountabilit
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 Act (HIPAA) for healthcare organizations. Additionally, some states have established cybersecurity frameworks or guidelines to help businesses enhance their cybersecurity posture and compliance with regulations. \line \line References: \line 
1) California State Civil C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 de Division 7, Part 2, \'a7\loch\f1  1798.91.04.pdf \line \line North Dakota: \line 
The response outlines trends in enforcement mechanisms employed by different states in their cybersecurity regulations, including advising and overseeing cybersecurity strategy for state agencies, c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nsulting with legislative and judicial branches, entering memorandums of understanding for information system security, and establishing mutual aid agreements for cybersecurity incident response. \line References: \line 
1. C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-03.pdf \line 2. Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Insurance\\
\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-03.pdf \line 3. Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 -05.pdf \line \line 
Alaska: \line Summarized Response: \line The enforcement mechanisms employed by different states in their cybersecurity regulations commonly involve the Attorney General conducting investigations and pursuing legal actions for violations, such as seeking 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ivil penalties or injunctions through the court system. \line \line References: \line 1) /Virginia/Code/Title 2.2/Chapter 20/2.2-2005.pdf \line 
2) /Colorado/Revised Statutes/Title 24/Article 37.5/24-37.5-202.3.pdf \line 3) /Illinois/General Assembly/5 ILCS 179.pdf \line 4) /Michigan/A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t 395/SB 584.pdf \line 
5) /Washington/Code Revision/Title 19/19.255.010.pdf \line 6) /Nevada/Senate Bill 69.pdf \line \line Ohio: \line Response Summary: \line 
Different states employ various enforcement mechanisms in their cybersecurity regulations, including annual compliance certif\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
cations, record maintenance, documentation of compliance efforts, and identification of areas for improvement by licensees. Exceptions are provided for insurers licensed exclusively in a state to streamline compliance processes. \line \line References: 
\line 1) Current \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\ORC Ann. 3965.02.pdf \line \line Pennsylvania: \line \hich\f1 According to 40 Pa.C.S. \'a7\loch\f1  4513: \line 
(a) Requirement for implementation and objectives. Each licensee shall develop, implement and maintain a comprehensive written information security prog\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 am based on the licensee\hich\f1 
\rquote \loch\f1 s risk assessment that: \line (1) Contains administrative, technical and physical safeguards for the protection of nonpublic information and the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s information systems. \line 
(2) Is commensurate with the following: \line (i) The size and\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 complexity of the licensee. \line (ii) The nature and scope of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s activities, including the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s use of third-party service providers. \line (iii) The sensitivity of the nonpublic information used by the licensee or in the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s possession, c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 stody or control. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1  4513.pdf \line \line New Mexico: \line \hich\f1 
According to N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  9-27A-3: \line \line 1. The cybersecurity office is created and managed by the security officer to oversee cybersecurity-\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
elated functions for agencies. \line 
2. The cybersecurity office may adopt and implement rules establishing minimum security standards and policies, develop minimum cybersecurity controls, and monitor agency information technology networks to detect security i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cidents. \line 3. It collaborates with agencies to ensure regulatory environments are considered in cybersecurity incident response and establishes core services to support security standards. \line 
4. The office also develops data classification policies, issues c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 bersecurity awareness policies, and offers cybersecurity training services. \line 
5. Additionally, it establishes a centralized cybersecurity and data breach reporting process for agencies and political subdivisions of the state. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 security Law\\New Mexico\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  9-27A-3.pdf \line \line Kentucky: \line Summary: \line 
States are implementing detailed enforcement mechanisms in their cybersecurity regulations, requiring licensees to promptly report cybersecurity events inv\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
lving nonpublic information to the commissioner within three business days. Licensees must provide specific information on the event, update notifications as needed, comply with relevant laws, and follow procedures for events involving third-party service
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 providers. Requirements also extend to insurers and producers of record and affected consumers in the event of a cybersecurity breach. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Insurance\\KRS _ 304.3-760.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentuck\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Finance\\KRS _ 42.726.pdf \line \line Hawaii: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 
The response highlights the enforcement mechanisms of Hawaii's cybersecurity regulations according to HRS \'a7\loch\f1  128B-1. It establishes a cybersecurity coordinator to oversee cyber matters and partners with variou\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 entities to enhance cyber resiliency, critical infrastructure, and the cybersecurity industry in the state. Partnerships are formed to implement cyber resiliency structures, share information, and educate the workforce. The coordinator may seek assistanc
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  from other departments, agencies, and private companies. The concept of "cyber resiliency" is defined within the regulations. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Hawaii\\Communications\\HRS _ 128B-1.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Insruanc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-203.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\
Insruance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-302.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line Summary of Response: \line Enforcement mechanisms in cybersecurity regulations in Minnesota require licensees to notify \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
he commissioner of commerce or health of cybersecurity events, provide electronic information updates, notify consumers of unauthorized data access, handle third-party service providers' events, and follow specific notification requirements for reinsurers
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 and insurers. Producers of record must also be informed in cases involving independent insurance producers accessing insurer services. \line \line Reference: \line 1. Current Cybersecurity Law
\\Minnesota\\Insurance\\Minn. Stat. _ 60A.9853.pdf \line 2. Current Cybersecurity Law\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 M\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 innesota\\Insurance\\Minn. Stat. _ 60A.9851.pdf \line 3. Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\
Information Technology\\Minn. Stat. _ 16E.35.pdf \line \line South Dakota: \line Based on the information provided in the context, here is the response: \line \line \hich\f1 According to Tennessee Code \'a7\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 4
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 7-18-2102: \line A cyber evacuation framework may provide for: \line 1. Evacuation orders; \line 2. Movement restrictions; \line 3. Using artificial intelligence and autonomous vehicles in the evacuation process. \line 
4. Creating roadblock management protocols; \line 5. Implementing \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 I\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nternet of Things (IoT) technologies for traffic monitoring and management; \line 
6. Prohibiting certain activities during evacuation; \line 7. Authorizing the use of traffic control devices and systems. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\TraCR\\Transportation-Cybersecurity\\Tenne\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ssee\\cyber-legislation\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  47-18-2102.docx \line \line Illinois: \line 
The response highlights the requirements outlined in Legislation code 215 ILCS 215/10 in Illinois related to a licensee's information security program. It outlines the measures that nee\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 to be taken to protect nonpublic information and the information system, prevent unauthorized access, minimize harm to consumers, and establish protocols for the retention and destruction of nonpublic information. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 aw\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_10.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_15.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois
\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_20.pdf \line \line Different states are using various enforcement mechanisms to oversee cybe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
security compliance. In Washington, the office of cybersecurity ensures adherence to security standards for state IT resources, with agencies required to follow these standards, update programs annually, and undergo compliance audits every three years. Th
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  office provides formal guidance, submits confidential reports on cybersecurity risks and compliance failures to the governor and legislative committees, and tracks risks longitudinally. 
\line Washington employs a comprehensive approach by monitoring cybersecu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ity risks and taking proactive steps to enhance security measures within state agencies, fostering a robust cybersecurity landscape}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid13970806 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13970806 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000f0c1
2940f7ddda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}