{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8140344}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr13\min28}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr13\min28}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages13}{\nofwords4955}{\nofchars28246}{\nofcharsws33135}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot8140344 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8140344 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q17: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid8140344 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Are there any notable variations in the definitions of key terms such as "data breach" or "cyber incident" across state cybersecurity regulations}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid8140344 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid14759426 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid8140344 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid8140344 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line 5. Arizona \line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 6. Colorado \line 7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island \line 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 
18. Oregon \line 19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. South Carolina \line 23. Indiana\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. Kansas 
\line 28. Arkansas \line 29. Idaho \line 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 40. Alabama 
\line 41. North Dako\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. New Mexico \line 46. Kentucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 
50. Illinois \line \line New Hampshire: \line Summary: \line The response provides information from RSA 420-P:6 regarding the notification requirements for l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
censees in New Hampshire in the event of a cybersecurity event. It outlines the criteria for notification based on the location of the licensee and the number of consumers affected. The response references specific sections of the current cybersecurity la
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s in New Hampshire related to insurance. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420-P_6.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire
\\Insurance\\RSA 420-P_4.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 -P_5.pdf \line \line Delaware: \line \hich\f1 In Legislative code 6 Del. C. \'a7\loch\f1 
 12B-101 of Delaware, "Breach of security" is defined as the unauthorized acquisition of computerized data compromising the security, confidentiality, or integrity of personal information. The "Determin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tion of the breach of security" is the point when there is sufficient evidence to conclude a breach has occurred. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Data breach Notification\\
_ 12B-101. Definitions.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delawa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8606.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Data breach Notification\\
_ 12B-101. Definitions.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8605.pdf \line \line Virginia: \line Summary: The definitions of "data breach" or "\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
yber incident" vary by state cybersecurity regulations. In Virginia, these terms are referred to as "cybersecurity event" according to Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 38.2-623. A cybersecurity event is broadly defined as any event compromising the confidentiality, integr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ty, or availability of nonpublic information or a licensee's information systems or business. The legislation outlines incident response plans addressing various aspects including risk assessment, response processes, communication strategies, and post-inc
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 dent plan evaluation. \line \line References: \line \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-623.pdf \line \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  2.2-3705.2(2).pdf \line \line New York: \line Summary: \line In New York's cybersecurity regu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ations, the definitions of "Breach of the security of the system" and "Breach of network security" are specified. "Breach of the security of the system" aligns with a defined meaning in section two hundred eight, while "Breach of network security" refers 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o unauthorized access compromising network security. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7
\loch\f1  209.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Internet Security and Privacy Act\\_ 209. Notifica\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ion o.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\
Internet Security and Privacy Act\\_ 202. Definitions.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1  103.pdf \line \line Arizona: \line The 18-551 section of the Arizona Rev
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
sed Statutes provides definitions for key terms related to data breaches and cybersecurity incidents. These terms include "breach" or "security system breach," "encrypt," "individual," "nationwide consumer reporting agency," "person," "personal informatio
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
," "prosecution agency," "redact," "security incident," and "specified data element." These definitions help establish criteria for identifying and responding to cybersecurity incidents within the state of Arizona. \line \line Reference: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\\Arizona\\Data Security Breaches\\18-551. Definitions.pdf \line \line Colorado: \line 
The response provides information on the committee's authority to request data privacy and cybersecurity information from state agencies, coordinate with the Colorado cybersecurity coun\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
il, and consider measures to protect data against unauthorized access. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Joint Technology Committee\\C.R.S. 2-3-1704.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\
C.R.S. 24-33.5-1905.pdf \line 3) Cur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ent Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Consumer Protection Act\\C.R.S. 6-1-716.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\
C.R.S. 24-33.5-1903.pdf \line \line Georgia: \line Summary: In Georgia's cybersecurity legislation, a "cyber attack incident" or "data breach" \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
s defined as an incident that could cause a life-safety event, significantly impact data security, or affect critical systems, equipment, or service delivery, as per O.C.G.A. \'a7\loch\f1  38-3-22.2. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\Military\\O.C.G.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 . _ 38-3-22.2.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\State Government\\O.C.G.A. _ 50-18-72.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\Military\\O.C.G.A. _ 38-3-22.2.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\State Government\\O.C.G.A. _ 50-14-3.pdf \line \line Vermon\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 : \line 
Summary: \line \hich\f1 According to Vermont's 8 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1 
 4728, a "cybersecurity event" is defined as unauthorized access, disruption, or misuse of an information system or nonpublic information. Nonpublic information includes sensitive business or consumer data tha\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  could have a significant impact. Encryption of nonpublic information without unauthorized access is excluded. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Financial\\\hich\f1 8 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1 
 4728.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Financial\\\hich\f1 8 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  472\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 8\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 .pdf \line \line Wyoming: \line \hich\f1 According to Wyo. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  40-12-502: 
\line 1. Definitions of key terms like "data breach" or "cyber incident" are not explicitly provided within this specific cybersecurity regulation in Wyoming. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wyo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ing\\Data Breach Notification\\\hich\f1 Wyo. Stat. -\'ba\loch\f1  40-12-502.pdf \line \line Rhode Island: \line \hich\f1 According to R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  11-49.3-3: \line 
1) Variation exists in how different states define key terms related to cybersecurity. For instance, in Rhode Island, a "breach of the secu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ity of the system" is defined as unauthorized access or acquisition of unencrypted data that compromises the security or integrity of personal information, whereas in Minnesota, it may have slight differences. \line 
2) States also define "cybersecurity inciden\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
" differently. In Rhode Island, it means unauthorized access that could jeopardize critical information systems and infrastructure, including first responder networks, water, and energy. This definition may differ slightly in other states' regulations. 
\line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 R\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 eferences: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\Criminal\\\hich\f1 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  11-49.3-3.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\
Government\\\hich\f1 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  42-7-9.pdf \line \line Nebraska: \line The response provided does not address the question about notable \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ariations in the definitions of key terms such as "data breach" or "cyber incident" across state cybersecurity regulations. It mainly provides definitions for terms related to civil defense, critical infrastructure utility worker, disaster, emergency, pri
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 rity access, utility, and utility system under R.R.S. Neb. \'a7\loch\f1  81-829.01. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nebraska\\Government\\\hich\f1 
R.R.S. Neb. \'a7\loch\f1  81-829.01.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nebraska\\Financial\\\hich\f1 R.R.S. Neb. \'a7\loch\f1  87-803.pdf \line \line Nevada: \line Summar\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  of response: 
\line The response outlines the importance of protecting information systems for the well-being of the people in Nevada. It emphasizes the significance of cybersecurity in critical infrastructure sectors such as transportation, healthcare, energy,
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 education, law enforcement, and commercial enterprises. Collaboration, strategic plans, and workforce development are highlighted as essential elements for safeguarding the statewide cyberinfrastructure. Legislation is enacted to protect information syst
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ms and cybersecurity in the public interest. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.900.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.930.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Law\\Nevada\\Govrenment\\\hich\f1 
Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  236.090.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.935.pdf \line \line Michigan: \line Summary of the response: \line \hich\f1 
1) In legislation code MCLS \'a7\loch\f1  500.559, a "cybersecurity event" is define\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 as an event involving nonpublic information that impacts consumers in the state or has a reasonable likelihood of harming consumers or the licensee's operations. \line 
2) A "data breach" occurs when nonpublic information possessed by a licensee is exposed, lo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t, stolen, or breached, resulting in a cybersecurity event. \line 
3) A "cyber incident" is described as a cybersecurity event involving nonpublic information, requiring prompt notification to the director within 10 business days along with specific information\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 updates. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS _ 500.559.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS _ 500.561.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Michigan\\Government\\MCLS _ 15.232.pdf \line \line Florida: \line According to Fla.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  282.318: \line \line 
1. The definitions of "cyber incident" or "data breach" in the state cybersecurity regulations do not exhibit notable variations across different sections. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Information Technology\\Fla.
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Stat. _ 282.318.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Government\\Fla. Stat. _ 119.0725.pdf \line \line Missouri: \line \hich\f1 According to Calif. Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 1798.82: \line 1. Different states have different definitions for terms such as "data breach" and "personal information.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 " \line 
2. For example, in California, "data breach" is defined as "unauthorized acquisition of computerized data that compromises security, confidentiality, or integrity of personal information," and "personal information" includes an individual's first name 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r first initial and last name in combination with other specified data elements such as Social Security number or medical information. \line 
3. Whereas in other states, these terms may be defined differently, highlighting the variations in cybersecurity regula\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ions across states. \line \line References: \line 
1) State_Cybersecurity_Regulations_CA.pdf \line \line Wisconsin: \line \hich\f1 According to Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952: \line \line \hich\f1 1) The legislation code is Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952. \line \line 
2) There are no specific definitions provided for terms such as "data breach\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 "\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  or "cyber incident" in the given contexts of Wisconsin's cybersecurity regulations. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.954.pdf \line 3) Cu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rent Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.953.pdf \line \line Tennessee: \line 
The response provided outlines the notification requirements for licensees in Tennessee in the event of a cybersecurity event that may impact consumers or the licensee's ope\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ations. The notification must be made to the commissioner within three business days if certain conditions are met, such as the event having a reasonable likelihood of harming consumers in the state or the licensee's normal operations. The definition and 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 riteria for reporting a cybersecurity event are detailed in Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1006. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\
\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1006.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2-1004.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\
\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1005.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1006.pdf \line \line Oregon: \line \hich\f1 According to ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555, \line 
there are no notable variations in the \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 efinitions of key terms such as "data breach" or "cyber incident" across state cybersecurity regulations. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555.pdf \line \line Connecticut: \line \hich\f1 According to Conn. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  38a -38:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
1) There are variations in the definitions of key terms across state cybersecurity regulations, such as the definition of "cybersecurity event" which is defined as "an event resulting in any unauthorized access to, or disruption or misuse of, an informa
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ion system or the nonpublic information stored thereon," with exceptions outlined for specific scenarios. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Insurance\\
Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 38a-38.pdf \line \line Mississippi: \line \hich\f1 According to Miss. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  25-53-\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 01: \line \line 
1) Key terms such as "Cyberattack," which means any attempt to gain illegal access to a computer system for the purpose of causing damage, disruption, or harm, and "Ransomware," which is a computer contaminant that restricts access and demands payme
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t for removal, are defined within the regulation. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Government\\Miss. Code Ann. _ 25-53-201.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Insurance\\Miss. Code Ann. __ 83-5-807.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line In Oklaho\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
a's cybersecurity regulations, key terms such as "data breach" are specifically defined. The term "breach of the security of a system" is defined as the unauthorized access and acquisition of unencrypted and unredacted computerized data compromising the s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
curity or confidentiality of personal information. Various definitions related to entities, encryption, personal information, notice, redaction, financial institutions, and individuals are also provided. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oklahom\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Data Breach Notification\\_ 162. Definitions.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oklahoma\\Government\\\hich\f1 74 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f1  3113.1.pdf 
\line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oklahoma\\Data Breach Notification\\_ 163. Disclosure of Security Breach_Notice.pdf \line 4) Current Cyberse\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urity Law\\Oklahoma\\
Hospital Cybersecurity Protection Act\\\hich\f1 18 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f1  2069.pdf \line \line South Carolina: \line \hich\f1 According to S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20: \line B) A licensee's information security program must be designed to: 
\line (1) protect the security and confidentiality of \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 onpublic information and the security of the information system; \line 
(2) protect against threats or hazards to the security or integrity of nonpublic information and the information system; \line (3) protect against unauthorized access to or use of nonpublic info\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 mation, and minimize the likelihood of harm to a consumer; and \line (4) define and periodically reevaluate a schedule for retention of nonpublic information and a mechanism for its destruction when no longer needed. \line 
\line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 outh Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20.pdf \line \line Indiana: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 
According to Burns Ind. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  27-2-27-21, a "cybersecurity event" involves a breach of nonpublic information, and specific actions are required from the licensee to address \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
uch incidents. There are no significant variations in the definitions of terms like "data breach" or "cyber incident" across state cybersecurity regulations based on the information provided. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Indiana\\Insurance\\B\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rns Ind. Code Ann. _ 27-2-27-21.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Consumer Protection\\Burns Ind. Code Ann. _ 4-13.1-1-1.5.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Insurance\\Burns Ind. Code Ann. _ 27-2-27-21.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\India\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\\Insurance\\Burns Ind. Code Ann. _ 27-2-27-18.pdf \line 
\line Utah: \line In Utah, cybersecurity regulations define a person's written cybersecurity program as conforming to a recognized framework if it is designed to protect personal information obtained in a system se\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urity breach. Compliance with frameworks like NIST special publication 800-171, federal or state government regulations for specific personal information, and the PCI data security standard is required. \line \line \line 
Reference: \line \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Cy\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ersecurity Affirmative Defense Act\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  78B-4-703.pdf \line \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-19-405.pdf \line \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-16-1102.pdf \line \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-16-1101.pdf \line \line West Virginia: \line Summary: \line 
In West Virginia's cybersecurity regulations, the terms "data breach" and "cyber incident" are not explicitly defined. However, a "cyber incident" is described as any event that \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 j\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
eopardizes the security, confidentiality, integrity, or availability of information assets, information systems, or related networks. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 5A-6B-2.pdf \line \line Maryland: \line Summary: \line Mary\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 and's State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 3.5-406 mandates that each unit of State government must report cybersecurity preparedness assessments annually, providing detailed information on information systems, data inventory, IT staff, budget, initi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tives, and compliance. Any cybersecurity incidents must be reported to the State Chief Information Security Officer following specified criteria, reporting methods, and timeframes. \line \line Reference: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Government\\Md. State F\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nance and Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.5-406.pdf \line \line Kansas: \line \hich\f1 
The response highlights key definitions from Legislation code K.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  75-7244 within the state of Kansas. It defines terms such as "cybersecurity incident," "entity," "government contractor," "info\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
mation system," "personal information," "private entity," "public entity," "security breach," "significant cybersecurity incident," and "unauthorized disclosure." These definitions help provide clarity around cybersecurity incidents and data breaches with
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n the state's regulations. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\K.S.A. _ 75-7244.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Communication\\
K.S.A. _ 45-217.pdf \line \line Arkansas: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.82: \line 1. Definition\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  vary across state laws. (Cal. Civ. Code \'a7
\loch\f1  1798.82(a)) \line 2. California defines "data breach" generally as "unauthorized acquisition of computerized data that compromises the security, confidentiality, or integrity of personal information maintained by the 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 gency or person." (Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.82(g)(1)) \line 
3. "Cyber incident" is defined in various ways by states that enacted the Uniform Law Commission's model law, resulting in differences in the definitions across state cybersecurity regulations. (Cal. Civ.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  Code \'a7
\loch\f1  1798.82(g)(2)) \line \line References: \line \hich\f1 1) Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.82 \line \line Idaho: \line According to California AB-6708: \line 
1. "Data breach" means an unauthorized acquisition of computerized data that compromises the security, confidentiality, or integrity of personal \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nformation maintained by the state agency. 
\line 2. "Cyber incident" means deliberate or unintentional events that jeopardize the security of personal information maintained by the state agency, including a data breach. \line 3. There are variations in the definiti\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ns of key terms such as "data breach" or "cyber incident" across state cybersecurity regulations. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\
AB-6708.pdf \line \line North Carolina: \line Summary: \line The response provi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
es definitions of key terms such as "cybersecurity incident," "ransomware attack," and "significant cybersecurity incident" as outlined in N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1320 of North Carolina's cybersecurity regulations. \line \line References: 
\line 1) Current Cybersecurity L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\\North Carolina\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1320.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\
Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1379.pdf \line \line Texas: \line The response provided does not address the question about variations in t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e definitions of key terms such as "data breach" or "cyber incident" across state cybersecurity regulations. It discusses criminal history record information laws in Texas. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\
\hich\f1 Tex. Govt Code \'a7\loch\f1  411.0\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 84.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Education\\\hich\f1 Tex. Educ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  11.175.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Business\\\hich\f1 
Tex. Bus. & Com. Code \'a7\loch\f1  521.053.pdf \line \line California: \line I could not find any specific information in the provided context. \line \line Montana:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Summary: The definitions of key terms like "data breach" or "cyber incident" across state cybersecurity regulations, as outlined in Legislation code 30-14-1704, are consistent. For instance, "Breach of the security of the data system" is defined as the u
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
authorized acquisition of computerized data compromising the security, confidentiality, or integrity of personal information in Montana regulations. "Personal information" is defined as specific data elements in combination with an individual's first name
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 or initial when unencrypted, excluding publicly available information. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Montana\\Identity Theft\\
30-14-1704 Computer security breach.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Montana\\Identity Theft\\30-14-1704 Computer secu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ity breach.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Montana\\
Identity Theft\\30-14-1704 Computer security breach.pdf \line \line Massachusetts: \line Summary: \line The response provides definitions of key terms such as "Breach of security," "Data," "Electronic," and "Encrypted" as p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 r ALM GL ch. 93H, \'a7\loch\f1  1 in Massachusetts state cybersecurity regulations. The definitions aim to clarify concepts related to data breaches and cybersecurity incidents. \line \line References: \line 
1) [Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 1.p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f](static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 1.pdf) \line 
2) [Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 3.pdf](static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 3.pdf) \line 3) [Curren\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 2.pdf](static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 2.pdf) \line 4) [Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Government\\
ALM GL ch. 4, _ 7.pdf](static/Current Cybersecurity\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Law\\Massachusetts\\Government\\ALM GL ch. 4, _ 7.pdf) \line \line Iowa: \line \hich\f1 According to Iowa Code \'a7\loch\f1  554G.1: \line 
1. "Data breach" means an intentional or unintentional action that could result in electronic records owned, licensed to, or otherwise protected by a covered en\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ity being viewed, copied, modified, transmitted, or destroyed in a manner that is reasonably believed to have or may cause material risk of identity theft, fraud, or other injury or damage to person or property. It excludes certain actions like good-faith
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
acquisition of personal information or restricted information by the covered entity's employee or agent for the purposes of the covered entity, or acquisition or disclosure of personal information or restricted information pursuant to search warrant, subp
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ena, or other court order. \line 2. "Cyber incident" or similar term is not explicitly defined in the provided Iowa statutes. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\
Commerce\\Iowa Code _ 554G.1.pdf \line \line New Jersey: \line \hich\f1 According to N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  52:17B -193.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 : \line 
1. "Cybersecurity incident" is defined as a malicious or suspicious event occurring on or conducted through a computer network that jeopardizes the integrity, confidentiality, or availability of an information system or the information the system proce
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ses, stores, or transmits. \line 
2. "Cyber threat indicator" refers to information necessary to describe or identify various aspects of a cybersecurity threat or vulnerability, including malicious reconnaissance, security controls, security vulnerabilities, cy
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 er command and control, harm caused by incidents, and other attributes not prohibited by law. \line 
3. "Defensive measure" is an action, device, procedure, signature, technique, or other measure applied to an information system that detects, prevents, or mitig\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tes a known or suspected cyber threat or security vulnerability, with limitations on measures that harm information systems not owned by the entity operating the measure. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Government\\
\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  52_17\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 B\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 -193.2.pdf \line \line Washington: \line \hich\f1 According to Rev. Code Wash. (AUSA) \'a7\loch\f1 
 43.105.450, there are no notable variations in the definitions of key terms such as "data breach" or "cyber incident" across state cybersecurity regulations. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cyberse\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450(2).pdf 
\line \line Louisiana: \line \hich\f1 According to La. R.S. \'a7\loch\f1  22:2506: \line \line A data breach is defined as follows: \line (\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
) Description of the specific types of information acquired without authorization. \line \hich\f1 (ii) For the purposes of this Subparagraph, \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 specific types of information\'94\loch\f1 
 means particular data elements including but not limited to types of medical information, types\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 of financial information, or types of information allowing identification of the consumer. 
\line \line Therefore, the definition of a data breach includes specific types of information acquired without authorization, such as medical information, financial informati\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
n, or information allowing identification of the consumer. \line \line There are no notable variations in the definitions of key terms such as "data breach" or "cyber incident" across state cybersecurity regulations. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Loui\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 iana\\Insurance\\La. R.S. _ 22_2506.pdf \line \line Maine: \line \hich\f1 According to 24-A M.R.S. \'a7\loch\f1  2266: \line \line 
1. A "cybersecurity event" is defined as an incident that has a reasonable likelihood of materially harming any consumer residing in the state or any material part of the n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rmal operation of the licensee. \line \line 
2. A "data breach" refers to an event in which nonpublic information is exposed, lost, stolen, or breached, potentially including medical information, financial information, and information allowing identification of a co\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sumer. \line \line 
3. "Nonpublic information" involved in a cybersecurity event consists of specific types of information such as medical information, financial information, and information allowing identification of a consumer. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ty Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2266.pdf \line \line Alabama: \line \hich\f1 
Summary: The response defines key terms like "breach of security," "covered entity," "data in electronic form," "government entity," and "individual" according to the Code of Ala. \'a7\loch\f1  8-38-2 in Alaba\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a's Data Breach Notification Act. \line \line Reference: Current Cybersecurity Law\\Alabama\\Data Breach Notification Act\\Files(12).pdf. \line \line North Dakota: \line Summary: \line 
The response outlines the definitions of key terms such as "data breach," "cybersecurity incident," "id\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ntity theft or identity fraud," "malware," and "ransom" as per N.D. Cent. Code, 
\'a7\loch\f1  54-59.1-01 in North Dakota's cybersecurity regulations. It explains these terms in detail, including what constitutes a breach, a cybersecurity incident, identity theft, mal\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
are, and ransom in relation to cybersecurity laws. \line \line Reference: \line 1. Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  54-59.1-01.pdf \line \line Alaska: \line \hich\f1 
According to Maryland Code Ann., State Govt. \'a7\loch\f1  10-1301: \line 1. Notably, "data breach" is define\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 as an unauthorized acquisition of computerized data that compromises the security, confidentiality, or integrity of personal information maintained by the data collector. \line 
2. Additionally, "cyber incident" is defined as incidents that alter, disrupt, dis\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ble, or degrade the state's or the state's information systems or data, resulting in a loss of confidentiality, integrity, or availability of data in the state's information systems. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research
\\RAG-app\\Current Cyb\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rsecurity Law\\Maryland\\Maryland Code Ann., State Govt. _ 10-1301.pdf \line \line Ohio: \line Summary: \line 
State cybersecurity regulations in Ohio use the term "cybersecurity event" instead of "data breach." The legislation defines a cybersecurity event as an incident invol\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ing nonpublic information, with notification requirements including details of the event and the number of affected consumers. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\ORC Ann. 3965.04.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\ORC\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Ann. 3965.02.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Data Breach Notification\\_ 1349.19 Disclosure or notification of.pdf \line \line 
Pennsylvania: \line \hich\f1 According to Pennsylvania Statutes, Annotated by LexisNexis, in \'a7\loch\f1  2302: \line 1) There are no notable variations in the de\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
initions of key terms such as "data breach" or "cyber incident" across state cybersecurity regulations. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\_ 2302. Definitions.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\
\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1  4518.pdf \line 3) \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urrent Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1  4502.pdf \line \line New Mexico: \line \hich\f1 
According to N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  9-27A-3: \line 1. A "data breach" or "cyber incident" as per the legislation are referred to as security incidents to be monitored and detected by the cy\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ersecurity office. \line 
2. The cybersecurity office, in coordination with state and federal cybersecurity emergency management agencies, creates a model incident-response plan for incidents impacting multiple public bodies, more than ten thousand residents of
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 the state, involving a nation-state actor, or the marketing or transfer of confidential data derived from a breach of cybersecurity. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law
\\New Mexico\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  9-27A-3.pdf \line 2) Current Cy\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Data Breach Notification Act\\
57-12C-6. Notification of security breach.pdf \line \line Kentucky: \line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code KRS \'a7\loch\f1  304.3-760: \line \line 1) There are no notable variations in the definitions of key terms such as "data breach" or 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 "\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cyber incident" across state cybersecurity regulations. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Insurance\\KRS _ 304.3-760.pdf \line \line Hawaii: \line \hich\f1 
According to HRS \'a7\loch\f1  431:3B -302, there are no notable variations in the definitions of key terms such as "\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ata breach" or "cyber incident" across state cybersecurity regulations. 
\line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Insruance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-302.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Communications\\HRS _ 128B-1.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
T\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 he response provided refers to the definition of "incident response plan" in Legislation code Minn. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 60A.9851 from Minnesota's cybersecurity regulations. The plan outlines the requirements for prompt response and recovery from cybersecurity events \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
hat compromise the security of nonpublic information. It details the internal process, goals, roles, responsibilities, communication strategies, remediation requirements, documentation, and evaluation necessary for effective incident response. \line 
\line Reference\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 : \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Insurance\\Minn. Stat. _ 60A.9851.pdf \line \line South Dakota: \line \hich\f1 According to S.D. Codified Laws \'a7\loch\f1 
 1-27-1.5: \line 1) The term "cyber incident" is not explicitly defined within this legislation. \line 2) The term "data breach" is not \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 xplicitly defined within this legislation. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Dakota\\Government\\\hich\f1 S.D. Codified Laws \'a7\loch\f1  1-27-1.5.pdf \line \line Illinois: \line According to 215 ILCS 215/20 Legislation code: \line 
1) In the Illinois Insurance Data Security Law, a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
cybersecurity event is defined as an event involving nonpublic information that has a reasonable likelihood of materially harming consumers residing in Illinois or impacting the normal operations of the licensee or insurer. \line 
2) The definition of a cyberse\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
urity event includes situations where the nonpublic information involved affects 250 or more consumers in Illinois and where the event requires notice to government bodies or has a reasonable likelihood of materially harming consumers or the licensee's op
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rations. \line 
3) The term "cybersecurity event" encompasses various criteria such as the types of information exposed, the timeline of the event, efforts to remediate the situation, and the number of consumers affected within the state. \line 4) Licensees are requ
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
red to provide detailed information about the cybersecurity event as part of their notification to the Director, including specifics like how the event was discovered, if any information was recovered, and the source of the event. \line 
5) The regulations also\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 emphasize the obligation to comply with the Personal Information Protection Act and provide the necessary notice to consumers as directed by the Director. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_20.pdf \line \line According to th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 provided contexts, there are no notable variations in the definitions of key terms such as "data breach" or "cyber incident" across state cybersecurity regulations}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid8140344 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8140344 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e500000000000000000000000010b9
e657f7ddda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}