{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid4355060}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr13\min29}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr13\min31}{\version2}{\edmins2}{\nofpages14}{\nofwords5926}{\nofchars33782}{\nofcharsws39629}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot4355060 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4355060 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q18. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid4355060 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 How do state cybersecurity regulations address the protection of consumer data and privacy rights}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid4355060 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid10554443 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid4355060 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid4355060 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line 5. Arizona \line 6. Colorado \line 
7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 10. Rhode Island \line 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 18. Oregon \line 
19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. South Carolina \line 23. Indiana \line 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 K\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ansas \line 
28. Arkansas \line 29. Idaho \line 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 40. Alabama \line 
41. North Dakota \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. N\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w Mexico \line 46. Kentucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 50. Illinois 
\line \line New Hampshire: \line The response highlights state cybersecurity regulations addressing the protection of consumer data and privacy rights in New Hampshire. The regulations req\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ire notification of any data security breach affecting personally identifiable information, along with issuing an annual breach report. Furthermore, the Department and local education agencies must provide information to students and parents regarding the
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r rights under FERPA and state law, including the right to inspect records, request amendments, provide consent for data disclosure, and file complaints. \line \line Reference: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Education\\RSA 189_66.pdf \line \line Delaware: \line State \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ybersecurity regulations address the protection of consumer data and privacy rights by requiring licensees to notify the Commissioner of cybersecurity events, providing information directed by the Commissioner, updating notifications, notifying affected c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nsumers within a specified timeframe, offering credit monitoring services if a Social Security number is breached, treating third-party service providers' notifications accordingly, and notifying reinsurers and insurers of cybersecurity events. Producers 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f record must also be notified in a reasonable manner. \line \line Reference: [Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8606.pdf](static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware
\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8606.pdf) \line \line Virginia: \line Summary: \line \line State cybersecurity\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
regulations address the protection of consumer data and privacy rights by requiring licensees to promptly notify the Commissioner of any cybersecurity event involving nonpublic information of 250 or more consumers. The notification must include various de
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ails such as the event date, exposure method, recovery efforts, affected consumers, and more. Licensees must update the Commissioner on the cybersecurity event and notify consumers as per the regulations. Third-party service providers' cybersecurity event
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 are also covered, with computations starting after the provider's notification. Additional requirements include notifying insurers, state agencies, and independent insurance producers in specific scenarios. Agreements can be established between parties t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  fulfill investigation and notice obligations. \line \line Reference: \line \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-625.pdf \line 
\line New York: \line \hich\f1 Summary: State cybersecurity regulations, as outlined in NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1  205, require sta\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e agencies to provide users with access to personal information collected through state agency websites, allowing users to request corrections or amendments to their personal information. Access to personal information must be provided securely online whe
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  feasible. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Internet Security and Privacy Act\\_ 205. Access to personal information.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law
\\New York\\Internet Security and Privacy Act\\_ 203. Model internet privacy policy.pdf \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Education\\\hich\f1 NY CLS Educ \'a7\loch\f1  2-d.pdf 
\line \line Arizona: \line According to A.R.S. Title 18, Ch. 5, Art. 4: \line Article 4. Data Security Breaches \line History \line \hich\f1 2018 2nd Reg. Sess. Ch. 177, \'a7\loch\f1  1. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Arizon
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Data Security Breaches\\Article 4 Data Security Breaches.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Arizona\\Data Security Breaches\\18-551. Definitions.pdf \line \line Colorado: \line 
Summary: State cybersecurity regulations in Colorado, as outlined in C.R.S. 6-1-716, focus on pr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tecting consumer data and privacy rights by defining key terms, requiring prompt investigations and notification of security breaches, ensuring cooperation between entities and service providers, and empowering the Colorado attorney general to enforce com
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 liance and protect consumer rights. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Consumer Protection Act\\C.R.S. 6-1-716.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Colorado\\Joint Technology Committee\\C.R.S. 2-3-1704.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorad\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Cybersecurity\\C.R.S. 24-73-103.pdf \line \line Georgia: \line 
Summary: State cybersecurity regulations in Georgia mandate that agencies and utilities report any cyber attack incidents or data breaches to the director of emergency management and homeland security within\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
two hours of reporting to the United States government. Reports or records produced under this law are not subject to public inspection. Additionally, agencies and utilities must notify individuals impacted by a cyber attack incident or data breach. 
\line \line Ref\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rence: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\Military\\O.C.G.A. _ 38-3-22.2.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\State Government\\O.C.G.A. _ 50-18-72.pdf 
\line \line Vermont: \line State cybersecurity regulations in Vermont address the protection of consumer data an\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 privacy rights through the development of a strategic plan for safeguarding public and private sector information from cybersecurity attacks, evaluating statewide cybersecurity readiness, sharing best practices, building relationships, conducting outreac
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
, collaborating with universities, reviewing cybersecurity standards, promoting cybersecurity workforce development, raising citizen awareness, providing technical capabilities and training, advising on legislative action, assessing risk, implementing uni
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ied communications for cybersecurity incidents, and exploring cyber-insurance options. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Cybersecurity\\\hich\f1 20 V.S.A. 
\'a7\loch\f1  4662.pdf \line \line Wyoming: \line The state cybersecurity regulations in Wyoming address the protection \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
f consumer data and privacy rights by requiring entities to investigate security breaches involving personal identifying information about Wyoming residents, notify affected residents promptly, and comply with specified notification procedures for financi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
l institutions. The regulations also specify the content of consumer notifications, allow for legal action by the attorney general for violations, and consider compliance with Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act regulations as compliant wi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h Wyoming laws. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wyoming\\Data Breach Notification\\\hich\f1 Wyo. Stat. -\'ba\loch\f1  40-12-502.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wyoming\\Government\\\hich\f1 Wyo. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  9-21-101.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wyoming\\Data Breach Notificat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 on\\\hich\f1 Wyo. Stat. -
\'ba\loch\f1  40-12-502.pdf \line \line Rhode Island: \line \hich\f1 According to R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  11-49.3-7: \line \line 11-49.3-7. Notification of cybersecurity incident. \line \line 
(a) Any municipal agency or state agency that detects a cybersecurity incident shall provide notification to th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 Rhode Island state police upon detection of the cybersecurity incident within twenty-four (24) hours. \line 
(b) Any municipal agency or state agency required to make notification under this section and fails to do so may be liable for a violation as set forth\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 in \'a7\loch\f1  11-49.3-5. 
\line (c) The notification shall include, at a minimum, the following information to the extent known: \line (1) A general and brief description of the incident, including how the cybersecurity incident occurred; and \line (2) The date of the cybersecuri
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y incident, estimated date of the cybersecurity incident, or the date range within which the cybersecurity incident occurred. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Rhode Island\\Criminal\\\hich\f1 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  11-49.3-7.pdf \line \line Nebraska: \line According to R.R.S.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Neb. \'a7\loch\f1  87-803: \line 
1) An individual or a commercial entity must conduct a reasonable and prompt investigation when aware of a breach of the security of the system containing personal information about a resident of Nebraska. They must give notice to the affe
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ted Nebraska resident as soon as possible and without unreasonable delay. \line 
2) In addition to notifying the affected resident, the individual or commercial entity must also inform the Attorney General about the breach of security. \line 3) If an entity maintain\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 data that includes personal information it does not own or license, they must notify and cooperate with the owner or licensee of the information in case of a breach that affects a Nebraska resident for an unauthorized purpose. \line 
4) Notice of a breach may \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e delayed if a law enforcement agency determines that immediate notification will impede a criminal investigation. However, the notice should be provided in good faith, without unreasonable delay, once the investigation is no longer impeded. \line \line 
References:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nebraska\\Financial\\\hich\f1 R.R.S. Neb. \'a7\loch\f1  87-803.pdf \line \line Nevada: \line 
Summary: The state of Nevada addresses the protection and security of information systems as essential for safeguarding the health, safety, and welfare of its residents. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 T\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
he regulations emphasize the need to identify vulnerabilities, respond to incidents, and promote collaboration to ensure the uninterrupted delivery of essential services. Additionally, institutions of higher education are recognized for their role in supp
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rting cybersecurity efforts. Legislations aim to prepare for and mitigate risks to information systems and statewide cyberinfrastructure in the public interest. \line \line 
Reference: Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.900.pdf\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Michigan: \line \hich\f1 According to MCLS \'a7\loch\f1 
 500.555: \line 1) Consumer data protection is addressed by requiring licensees to "Protect against unauthorized access to or use of nonpublic information, and minimize the likelihood of harm to any consumer" (Sec. 555(2)(c)). \line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
) The regulations also focus on maintaining the confidentiality and integrity of nonpublic information, protecting against threats to information security, and implementing safeguards to manage identified threats (Sec. 555(2)(a)-(2)(e)). \line 
3) Licensees are\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
required to establish a comprehensive written information security program based on risk assessments that contain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards for the protection of consumer data (Sec. 555(1)). \line 
4) Additionally, licensees are mandate\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 to include cybersecurity risks in their enterprise risk management process, stay informed regarding emerging threats, and provide personnel with cybersecurity awareness training (Sec. 555(4)(c), (4)(d), (4)(e)). \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity La\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS _ 500.555.pdf Contexts 1, 2, 3, 4 \line \line Florida: \line 
State cybersecurity regulations address the protection of consumer data and privacy rights by requiring state agencies to adopt rules to mitigate risks, safeguard digital assets, estab\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ish procedures for accessing information, identify protection procedures, detect threats through monitoring, and establish cybersecurity incident response teams. These measures aim to ensure the availability, confidentiality, and integrity of state agency
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 digital assets, data, and information technology resources. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Information Technology\\Fla. Stat. _ 282.318.pdf - Context 1 
\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Information Technology\\Fla. Stat. _ 282.318.p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f - Context 2 \line \line Missouri: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 1798.100: \line The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) addresses the protection of consumer data and privacy rights by providing consumers with specific rights regarding their personal\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 information held by businesses. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\\hich\f1 California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.100.pdf 
\line \line Wisconsin: \line \hich\f1 According to Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952: \line \line 1) Establish and periodical\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y reevaluate a schedule for retention and disposal of nonpublic information and establish a mechanism for the destruction of nonpublic information that is no longer needed. \line \line 
2) Protect against unauthorized access to and use of nonpublic information and m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nimize the likelihood of harm to a consumer from the unauthorized access or use. \line \line 
3) Place access controls on information systems to secure the information systems and nonpublic information. \line \line 4) Develop, implement, and maintain practices for the secure \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
isposal of nonpublic information in all formats. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. 
\'a7\loch\f1  601.954.pdf \line \line Tennessee: \line State cybersecurity regulati\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ns in Tennessee, as outlined in Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 56-2-1006, require licensees to notify the commissioner in the event of a cybersecurity breach involving nonpublic information of 250 or more consumers. Upon determining a cybersecurity event that could ha\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m consumers, licensees must notify affected consumers within 45 days. Additionally, in cases of cybersecurity events, licensees must inform the producers of record of affected consumers promptly. \line \line References: 
\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nce\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1006.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Consumer Protection\\
47-18-2110. Protecting social security numbers from disclosure.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Consumer Protection\\47-18-2107. Release of personal \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 onsumer information.pdf 
\line \line Oregon: \line \hich\f1 State cybersecurity regulations, as outlined in ORS \'a7\loch\f1 
 276A.555, focus on safeguarding consumer data and privacy rights through various measures such as education, training, assessment services, incident response, and wor\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 k\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
force development initiatives. Collaboration with public bodies and industry involvement are essential components of Oregon's cybersecurity strategy. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 ORS 
\'a7\loch\f1  276A.555.pdf \line \line Connecticu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 : \line **Summary:** \line \hich\f1 State cybersecurity regulations, as outlined in Conn. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 38a-38, focus on safeguarding consumer data and privacy rights by requiring licensees to establish comprehensive information security programs. These programs must include\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect nonpublic information and information systems. Risk assessments, risk management strategies, and incident response plans are also mandated to ensure the security and confidentiality of data, pr
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tect against threats, and minimize harm to consumers. In the event of a cybersecurity incident, licensees are required to promptly notify the Insurance Commissioner and provide detailed information about the incident. \line \line **Reference:** \line 
[Current Cybersecur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ty Law\\Connecticut\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Conn. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  38a-38.pdf](#) \line \line Mississippi: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 
Mississippi state cybersecurity regulations, as outlined in Mississippi Code 1972 Annotated, Title 25, Chapter 53, \'a7\loch\f1  25-53-201, establish the Enterprise Security Prog\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
am to oversee cybersecurity efforts across state agencies. The program includes developing policies, standards, and guidelines to secure data and IT resources. Each state agency's executive director is responsible for implementing agency-wide security pro
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rams, adhering to Enterprise Security Program requirements, and participating in initiatives to protect data and IT resources. The Mississippi Department of Information Technology Services evaluates the program for best practices, centralization opportuni
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ies, review of minimum security requirements for state contracts, and expansion possibilities. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Government\\
Miss. Code Ann. _ 25-53-201.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Insurance\\Miss. Code\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Ann. __83-5-811.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Insurance\\
Miss. Code Ann. __ 83-5-807.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line The state cybersecurity regulations address the protection of consumer data and privacy rights by outlining voluntary requirements for cov\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
red entities to create, maintain, and comply with a written cybersecurity program containing safeguards for personal and restricted information. This program must protect against threats, unauthorized access, and include periodic reviews and updates. Cove
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ed entities fulfilling these requirements are entitled to an affirmative defense in tort actions related to data breaches. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oklahoma\\
Hospital Cybersecurity Protection Act\\\hich\f1 18 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f1  2070.pdf \line \line South Carolina: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ummary: \line \hich\f1 
The response outlines the requirements for licensees under S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 38-99-40 to notify the director within 72 hours of a cybersecurity event involving nonpublic information of at least 250 consumers in South Carolina. Licensees must provi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e detailed information about the event, recovery efforts, source identification, law enforcement notifications, data elements exposed, compromised system period, affected consumers, and internal review results. Additionally, licensees must comply with not
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ce requirements under Section 39-1-90 and provide a copy of consumer notifications to the director as mandated by applicable laws. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
South Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-40.pdf \line \line Indiana: \line State cybersec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 rity regulations in Burns Ind. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 27-2-27-21 address the protection of consumer data and privacy rights by requiring licensees to promptly investigate cybersecurity events, take measures to secure compromised information systems, maintain records\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
of events for at least five years, notify the commissioner within three business days of events that may harm consumers, provide detailed information on events to the commissioner, update the commissioner on material changes, and comply with relevant laws
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 and agreements. \line \line Reference: \line 1. C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Insurance\\Burns Ind. Code Ann. _27-2-27-21.pdf \line 
\line Utah: \line Summary: \line Utah state cybersecurity regulations require state agencies to develop and main\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ain a strategic data privacy plan to protect personal data and comply with relevant laws. They also mandate data privacy training for employees, to be completed within 30 days of employment and annually thereafter, with each agency responsible for monitor
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ng training completion. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-19-301.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Utah\\Cybersecurity Affirmative Defense Act\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  78B-4-703.pdf \line \line West Virginia: \line According to W. V\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 . Code \'a7\loch\f1  18-2-5h: \line 
\line 2. As used in this section, the state cybersecurity regulations address the protection of consumer data and privacy rights through comprehensive policies and procedures that comply with all relevant state and federal privacy laws and p
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
licies, including the Federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) and other relevant privacy laws and policies. The policies and procedures specifically restrict access to student and redacted data in the statewide longitudinal data system t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 authorized staff, district administrators, teachers, school personnel, students, parents, and authorized staff of other West Virginia state agencies as required by law and defined by interagency data-sharing agreements. These regulations ensure that any 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nter-agency data-sharing agreements are publicized, allowing parents to opt out of sharing their child's data. Additionally, only aggregate data is used in public reports or record requests, while confidential student information is protected and not tran
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ferred unless specific exceptions apply. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Education\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  18-2-5h.pdf \line \line 
Maryland: \line The response provided outlines that the Maryland State government is required to report annually on the sta\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e of cybersecurity preparedness. The report includes information on activities, vulnerabilities assessments, audit findings, expenditure on cybersecurity, strategies, and recommendations for improvement. The report must not disclose cybersecurity vulnerab
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lities and risks. \line \line Reference: \line - Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Government\\Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.5-2A.04.pdf \line \line Kansas: \line 
\hich\f1 State cybersecurity regulations, as outlined in K.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  75-7240, mandate that executive branch agency h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ads are responsible for ensuring the security of all data and information technology resources within their purview, regardless of location. The regulations require the implementation of agency-wide information security programs, designation of informatio
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 security officers, participation in cybersecurity initiatives, compliance with state and federal laws, implementation of cost-effective safeguards, and inclusion of cybersecurity requirements in procurement specifications for systems and services. \line 
\line Refe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ences: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\K.S.A. _ 75-7240.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Communication\\K.S.A. _ 45-217.pdf \line \line 
Arkansas: \line I am unable to provide an answer without the necessary context. \line \line Idaho: \line According to Idaho Co\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 e \'a7\loch\f1 
 67-827A, state cybersecurity regulations address the protection of consumer data and privacy rights in the following ways: \line \line 
1) (5) To oversee implementation of cybersecurity policies to foster risk and cybersecurity management telecommunications and \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ecision-making with both internal and external organizational stakeholders. \line 
2) (8) To coordinate with state agencies and officials to ensure that state agencies implement mandatory education and training of state employees and provide guidance on appropr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ate levels of training for various classifications of state employees. \line 
3) (9) To coordinate with appropriate state agencies to create, coordinate, publish, routinely update, and market a statewide cybersecurity website as an information repository for in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
elligence-sharing and cybersecurity best practices. \line 4) (10) To coordinate public and private entities to develop, create, and promote statewide public outreach efforts to protect personal information and sensitive data from cyber threats. \line 
\line References: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Idaho\\Government\\Idaho Code _ 67-827A.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Idaho\\Government\\Idaho Code _ 67-827.pdf \line \line 
North Carolina: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 State cybersecurity regulations in North Carolina, as outlined in N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 4\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
3B-1379, require state agencies to cooperate with the State Chief Information Officer (CIO) by providing details of IT requirements, reporting cybersecurity incidents, offering data security information, and designating an agency liaison. Information shar
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
d with the State CIO is protected from public disclosure. Local government and private sector entities are also encouraged to report cybersecurity incidents, with shared information similarly protected. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Ca\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 olina\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1379.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\
Consumer Protection\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  75-65.pdf \line \line Texas: \line Summary: \line State cybersecurity regulations in Texas address the protection of consumer data \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nd privacy rights by restricting the disclosure and use of criminal history record information, particularly obtained from the Department and FBI. Additionally, private entities purchasing information are not mandated to provide cyber-threat insurance cov
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rage if they meet approved cybersecurity standards or comply with standards established by certified professionals or organizations. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD
\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\Tex. Gov\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 \hich\f1 t Code \'a7\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 4\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 11.084.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\
Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2054.5181.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2054.5191.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 2054.518.pdf \line \line California: \line I am sorry,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
but the given context does not provide any information on how state cybersecurity regulations address the protection of consumer data and privacy rights. If you have any other specific contexts or questions related to transportation cybersecurity legislat
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ons, feel free to provide them for assistance. \line \line References: \line \line Montana: \line 
Summary: State cybersecurity regulations in Montana address the protection of consumer data and privacy rights by requiring businesses to disclose any breaches of data security to re\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
idents if personal information is compromised. Businesses must notify affected individuals and law enforcement agencies may delay notification in certain circumstances. The definition of a data breach is specified, along with methods of providing notice a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d reporting procedures. Coordination with consumer reporting agencies and submission of reports to the attorney general's consumer protection office are also required. \line \line References: 
\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Montana\\Identity Theft\\30-14-1704 Computer \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecurity breach.pdf \line \line Massachusetts: \line \hich\f1 
Summary: State cybersecurity regulations in Massachusetts, under ALM GL ch. 93H, \'a7\loch\f1  2, require the adoption of regulations by the Department of Consumer Affairs and Business Regulation to safeguard personal information 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
f residents. These regulations aim to ensure security, confidentiality, and protection against threats, unauthorized access, and harm to consumers or residents. Additionally, rules established by the supervisor of records and the information technology di
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ision focus on protecting personal information considering the size of services, available resources, and the need for security. Various governmental branches and officials are also mandated to adopt rules aligning with industry standards to safeguard per
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 onal information and prevent unauthorized access. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 2.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 3.pdf \line \line Iowa: \line Summary: \line State cybersecurit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 regulations address the protection of consumer data and privacy rights by requiring covered entities to adhere to industry-recognized cybersecurity frameworks. Compliance includes following specific security requirements and standards from acts like HIPA
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
, GLBA, ISMA, and other critical infrastructure protection regulations. Covered entities must also comply with the payment card industry data security standard and other relevant frameworks within specified time frames. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ity Law\\Iowa\\Commerce\\Iowa Code _ 554G.3.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Insurance\\Iowa Code _ 507F.7.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\
Insurance\\Iowa Code _ 507F.4.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Government\\Iowa Code _ 22.3A.pdf \line \line New \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 J\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ersey: \line 
The response outlines the state cybersecurity regulations for water purveyors in New Jersey. It requires water purveyors to update their cybersecurity program, adhere to industry-recognized cybersecurity frameworks, submit revisions promptly, prov
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 de compliance certification annually, undergo audits for non-compliance, and align with specified cybersecurity program requirements. These regulations are detailed in N.J. Stat. \'a7
\loch\f1  58:31-4.1. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Utilitie\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  58_31-4.1.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
New Jersey\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  52_17B-193.3.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Utilities\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  58_31-4.1.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Utilities\\\hich\f1 
N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  58_\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1-4.pdf \line \line Washington: \line \hich\f1 According to Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450: \line 
3. The primary duties of the office of cybersecurity are: \line (a) To establish security standards and policies to protect the state\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s information technology systems and infrastructure,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 to ensure the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of the information transacted, stored, or processed in the state\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s information technology systems and infrastructure. \line 
(4) In performing its duties, the office of cybersecurity must address the hi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 hest levels of security required to protect confidential information transacted, stored, or processed in the state
\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s information technology systems and infrastructure that is specifically protected from disclosure by state or federal law and for which str\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ct handling requirements are required. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450.pdf \line \line Louisiana: \line \hich\f1 
According to Legislation code La. R.S. \'a7\loch\f1  22:2506: \line A licensee shall notify the commissioner with\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ut unreasonable delay but in no event later than three business days from a determination that a cybersecurity event involving nonpublic information that is in the possession of the licensee has occurred. The licensee shall notify the commissioner if the 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ybersecurity event has a reasonable likelihood of materially harming any consumer residing in the state or any material part of the normal operations of the licensee. The licensee is also required to update and supplement initial and subsequent notificati
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ns to the commissioner regarding material changes to previously provided information relative to the cybersecurity event. The licensee must provide specific information such as the date of the cybersecurity event, description of the information exposed, l
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 st, or breached, and efforts being undertaken to remediate the situation. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Insurance\\La. R.S. _ 22_2506.pdf \line \line 
Maine: \line Summary: \line \line The state cybersecurity regulations, as outlined in Maine Revised Statute\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 Annotated, emphasize the protection of consumer data and privacy rights by requiring licensees to implement an information security program. This program aims to safeguard nonpublic information and information systems, assess and manage threats, mitigate
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
risks, oversee by the board of directors, select secure third-party service providers, and respond to cybersecurity events promptly. Compliance with these regulations is essential to ensure the security and confidentiality of consumer information. \line 
\line Refer\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nce: \line \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf \line \line Alabama: \line \hich\f1 
The state cybersecurity regulations, according to Code of Ala. \'a7\loch\f1  8-38-3, require covered entities and third-party agents to implement reasonable security measures to pr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tect sensitive personally identifying information from security breaches. This includes designating employees for security coordination, identifying risks, adopting safeguards, retaining secure service providers, evaluating and adjusting security measures
,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  and informing management. The assessment of security measures considers factors like entity size, amount of sensitive data, and cost relative to resources. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Alabama
\\Data Breach Notification Act\\Files(12).pdf \line \line No\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 th Dakota: \line \hich\f1 
The response outlines specific requirements regarding the notification and handling of cybersecurity events involving consumer data under N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-05 in North Dakota. It includes provisions for prompt notification to the co
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
missioner, details to be included in the notice, compliance with laws, notification requirements for third-party service providers, obligations for licensees acting as assuming insurers, and procedures for informing affected parties. Additionally, it ment
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ons exceptions for licensees acting as assuming insurers related to notice obligations. In cases requiring consumer notice, insurers must inform producers of record simultaneously. \line 
\line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Insurance\\N.D. Cen\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 . Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-05.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\
Government\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  54-59-05.pdf \line \line Alaska: \line \hich\f1 Based on Louisiana Rev. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 51.3079.2: Louisiana's statutes provide comprehensive protections for the privacy rights of individu
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ls through the state's strong breach notification requirements. Additionally, Louisiana's laws require companies to implement reasonable security measures to protect consumer data from breaches. These regulations aim to safeguard sensitive information and
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 uphold privacy rights for Louisiana residents. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Consumer Protection\\
\hich\f1 La. Rev. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 51.3079.2.pdf \line \line Ohio: \line State cybersecurity regulations address the protecti\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
n of consumer data and privacy rights by requiring covered entities to conform to industry-recognized cybersecurity frameworks such as the NIST framework and other specified standards. Entities subject to specific laws like HIPAA and the Gramm-Leach-Blile
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 Act must adhere to cybersecurity standards. Compliance with the PCI data security standard and other applicable frameworks is necessary, along with conformity to all revised frameworks applicable to their cybersecurity program. \line \line References: 
\line 1) Current \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Commercial Transactions\\ORC Ann. 1354.03.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Government\\ORC Ann. 125.18.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\ORC Ann. 3965.04.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\ORC Ann. 39\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 6\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5.02.pdf \line \line Pennsylvania: \line \hich\f1 
According to 40 Pa.C.S. \'a7\loch\f1  4518: \line 1) A licensee shall notify the commissioner promptly of a cybersecurity event involving nonpublic information within five business days when there is a reasonable likelihood of materially harming 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  consumer residing in this Commonwealth. \line 
2) The licensee must provide details such as the date of the cybersecurity event, specifics on how the information was exposed, lost, stolen, or breached, and information on efforts to remediate the situation. \line 3)\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Licensees have a continuing obligation to update and supplement notifications to the commissioner regarding material changes related to a cybersecurity event. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Pennsylvania\\\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1  4518.pdf \line 2) Current Cybe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 security Law\\Pennsylvania\\\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1  4502.pdf \line \line New Mexico: \line \hich\f1 
The response outlines that state cybersecurity regulations, as stated in N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  9-27A-3, involve creating a model incident-response plan for public bodies to adopt with the cyberse\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
urity office serving as the incident-response coordinator for incidents that impact multiple public bodies, more than ten thousand residents of the state, involve a nation-state actor, or pertain to the marketing or transfer of confidential data from a cy
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ersecurity breach. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  9-27A-3.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Data Breach Notification Act\\57-12C-6. Notification of security breach.pdf \line 3) Current \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\
Data Breach Notification Act\\57-12C-5. Service provider use of personal identifying.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Data Breach Notification Act\\57-12C-4. Security measures for storage of personal.pdf \line \line Kentucky: \line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tate cybersecurity regulations address the protection of consumer data and privacy rights by requiring licensees to promptly notify the commissioner of any cybersecurity event involving nonpublic information in their possession, providing specific informa
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ion in the notification, updating the commissioner on the event, complying with applicable statutes, making agreements with others to fulfill requirements, and fulfilling specific notification obligations for insurers and ceding insurers based on the natu
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e of the event and relationship with affected consumers. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Insurance\\KRS _ 304.3-760.pdf \line \line Hawaii: \line 
The response outlines the state cybersecurity regulations regarding the protection of consumer data and \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rivacy rights in Hawaii. It details the requirements for licensees to notify the commissioner in case of a cybersecurity event impacting a significant number of consumers, providing specific information about the event and the measures being taken to addr
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ss it. Additionally, it mandates the inclusion of various details in the notification, including the steps being taken to investigate and notify affected consumers. \line \line References: 
\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Haw\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ii\\Insurance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-302.pdf \line 2) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research
\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Insurance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-203.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Communications\\HRS _ 128B-1.pdf \line \line Min\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
esota: \line Summary: \line 
In Minnesota, state cybersecurity regulations mandate that licensees must notify consumers residing in Minnesota if their nonpublic information is acquired by an unauthorized person due to a cybersecurity event reported to the commission
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
r, and if there is a reasonable likelihood of material harm to the consumer. Notification must be timely, with considerations for law enforcement needs or breach investigations. Certain exceptions apply, such as in cases of good faith acquisition of infor
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ation by the licensee's employee for business purposes. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Insurance\\Minn. Stat. _ 60A.9853.pdf \line \line South Dakota: 
\line The response provided outlines various categories of personal data exempt from disclosure u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 der S.D. Codified Laws \'a7\loch\f1 
 1-27-1.5, including information related to students, medical records, trade secrets, law enforcement investigations, cyber security plans, personal financial information, emergency response plans, and more. These exemptions aim to
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 protect consumer data and privacy rights. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Dakota\\Government\\\hich\f1 S.D. Codified Laws \'a7\loch\f1  1-27-1.5.pdf \line 
\line Illinois: \line According to 215 ILCS 215/10: \line (b) A licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s information security program shall be designed to:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
(1) protect the security and confidentiality of nonpublic information and the security of the information system; \line (2) protect against any threats or hazards to the security or integrity of nonpublic information and the information system; \line 
(3) protect a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ainst unauthorized access to or use of nonpublic information; \line (4) minimize the likelihood of harm to any consumer; \line 
(5) define and periodically reevaluate a schedule for retention of nonpublic information and a mechanism for its destruction when no longe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 needed, except if the information is otherwise required to be retained by law or rule or if targeted disposal is not reasonably feasible due to the manner in which the information is maintained. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law
\\Illinois\\Insura\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ce\\215 ILCS 215_10.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_20.pdf \line \line 
State cybersecurity regulations address the protection of consumer data and privacy rights by requiring licensees to notify the commissioner promptly of any cybe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
security event involving nonpublic information within a specified timeframe, providing specific details on the event, updating the commissioner on any material changes, and complying with applicable statutes. Licensees must also make agreements with other
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 to fulfill notification requirements, including notifying insurers and ceding insurers based on the nature of the event and relationship with affected consumers. These regulations aim to safeguard consumer information and ensure the security and confiden
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 iality of data}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid4355060 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4355060 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e50000000000000000000000004085
00c4f7ddda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}