{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid13112957}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr13\min33}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr13\min33}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages15}{\nofwords6034}{\nofchars34399}{\nofcharsws40353}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot13112957 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13112957 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q19. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid13112957 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Can you provide insights into the approaches taken by different states in regulating cybersecurity for critical infrastructure sectors}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid13112957 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid3958500 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid13112957 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid13112957 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. Ohio \line 2. North Carolina \line 3. Connecticut \line 4. California \line 5. South Dakota \line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 6. Alaska \line 7. Nebraska \line 8. New Hampshire \line 9. Tennessee \line 10. Illinois \line 11. Idaho \line 12. Montana \line 13. Rhode Island \line 14. Indiana \line 15. Vermont \line 16. Minnesota \line 17. Colorado 
\line 18. Nevada \line 19. Alabama \line 20. North Dakota \line 21. Hawaii \line 22. New York \line 23. Texas \line 24. Wisc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nsin \line 25. Oklahoma \line 26. Iowa \line 27. Oregon \line 
28. Delaware \line 29. Maryland \line 30. Utah \line 31. Missouri \line 32. Wyoming \line 33. Kansas \line 34. South Carolina \line 35. Maine \line 36. Pennsylvania \line 37. Michigan \line 38. Virginia \line 39. New Mexico \line 40. Washington \line 
41. West Virginia \line 42. Kent\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cky \line 43. Arkansas \line 44. New Jersey \line 45. Massachusetts \line 46. Arizona \line 47. Louisiana \line 48. Mississippi \line 49. Georgia \line 
50. Florida \line \line Ohio: \line According to ORC Ann. 3965.02 Legislation code: \line 1. Each licensee is required to maintain a comprehensive written informat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
on security program based on their risk assessment, which includes administrative, technical, and physical safeguards for the protection of nonpublic information and the information system (Paragraph B). \line 
2. Licensees must designate individuals responsibl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 for the information security program, identify threats, assess potential damage, and implement safeguards to manage identified threats (Paragraph C). \line 
3. Based on risk assessment, licensees must mitigate risks by implementing appropriate security measure\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
, including access controls, encryption, secure development practices, and incident response plans (Paragraph D). \line 
4. Licensees with a board of directors must ensure executive management develops, implements, and maintains the information security program,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  reporting annually on its status and compliance (Paragraph E). \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\ORC Ann. 3965.02.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Government\\ORC Ann. 125.18.pdf \line \line North Carolina: \line Summary: In North Carolina,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 state agencies are required to report cybersecurity incidents, provide detailed information on security measures, forecast future cybersecurity needs, designate an agency liaison for IT, and ensure all personnel undergo annual security awareness training
.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Information shared is confidential, and local government & private sector entities are encouraged to report incidents as well. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\
Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1379.pdf \line 2) Current C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 bersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 143B-1320.pdf \line \line Connecticut: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 Connecticut has enacted the "Insurance Data Security Law" (Conn. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  38a-38) to regulate cybersecurity in the insurance sector. Licens
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
es are mandated to develop, implement, and maintain comprehensive information security programs based on risk assessments to protect nonpublic information and information systems. The law requires licensees to conduct risk assessments, identify threats, i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
plement safeguards, and establish incident response plans. Oversight by the Board of Directors, third-party service provider arrangements, and program adjustments are included. Licensees must promptly notify the Insurance Commissioner of cybersecurity eve
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ts, provide detailed information, and follow remediation efforts. The Commissioner has enforcement powers, including imposing civil penalties. Confidentiality provisions protect shared documents and information. \line \line Reference: \line 
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Con\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecticut\\Insurance\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 38a-38.pdf \line \line California: \line 
I am sorry, but I do not have any specific information related to different states' approaches in regulating cybersecurity for critical infrastructure sectors. Please provide me with more cont\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
xt or guidance so I can assist you further. \line \line South Dakota: \line \hich\f1 According to Mich. Comp. Laws \'a7\loch\f1 24.401: \line \hich\f1 
1. Michigan takes a case-by-case approach allowing each critical infrastructure sector to define what is considered \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 critical infrastructure\'94\loch\f1  and develop \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ts policies. \line 2. Michigan does not have specific legal requirements for cybersecurity in place for private entities at this time, except for those in the electric industry. \line 
3. While Michigan does not have the leverage to enforce regulations on private bu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
inesses under state law, it can require information-sharing in the event of a breach through the Security Coordinator for the Electric Grid in Michigan. \line 
4. Michigan, along with other states, are in constant communication and cooperation through organizat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ons like the Electricity Information Sharing and Analysis Center (E-ISAC) in sharing threat information and best practices. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\
Public Sector\\Security\\Mich. Comp. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 aws \'a7\loch\f1 24.401.pdf \line \line Alaska: \line Summary: \line \line 
Illinois has enacted the "Critical Infrastructure Protection Act" which involves establishing a cybersecurity task force and reporting incidents to the Illinois Emergency Management Agency. Michigan requires a cyberse\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urity plan for the state government and has the Michigan Cyber Civilian Corps. Texas has the "Texas Cybersecurity Act" defining agency roles, incident reporting to the Texas Department of Information Resources. \line \line 
References: \line \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\State Legislation\\\hich\f1 Ill. Admin. Code tit. 89, \'a7\loch\f1 
 130.410.pdf \line 2) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Legislation\\\hich\f1 Mich. Comp. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  24.401.pdf \line 3) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 UTD\\PhD Research\\
RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\State Codes\\\hich\f1 Tex. Gov't Code \'a7\loch\f1  2054.519.pdf \line \line Nebraska: \line 
Different states have various approaches to regulating cybersecurity for critical infrastructure sectors. For instance, in Nebraska, the R.R.S.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  Neb. \'a7\loch\f1 
 81-829.01 defines terms like civil defense emergency, critical infrastructure utility worker, disaster, emergency, priority access, utility, and utility system in the context of cybersecurity legislation. This law was enacted as part of 2023 LB 19
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  and became effective on May 27, 2023, with operations starting on September 2, 2023. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nebraska\\Government\\\hich\f1 R.R.S. Neb. \'a7
\loch\f1  81-829.01.pdf \line \line New Hampshire: \line According to RSA 420 -P:4: \line I. Implementation of the program\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
shall be commensurate with the size and complexity of the licensee, the nature and scope of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s activities, including its use of third-party service providers, and the sensitivity of the nonpublic information used by the licensee or in the lice\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 see\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s possession, custody, or control. Each licensee shall develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive written information security program based on the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s risk assessment and that contains administrative, technical, and physical safeguards f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r the protection of nonpublic information and the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s information system. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420-P_4.pdf \line \line Tennessee: \line \hich\f1 According to Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004: \line \line 
1) By July 1, 2022, each license\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 shall develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive, written information security program based on the licensee's risk assessment that contains administrative, technical, and physical safeguards for the protection of the nonpublic information and the 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 icensee's information system. \line \line 
2) A licensee's information security program must be designed to protect the security and confidentiality of nonpublic information, protect against threats or hazards to the security or integrity of nonpublic information, p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
otect against unauthorized access to or use of nonpublic information, and define and periodically reevaluate a schedule for retaining nonpublic information and a mechanism for the destruction of nonpublic information when no longer needed. \line \line 
References: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004.pdf \line \line Illinois: \line Summary: \line 
Illinois has established the Office of the Statewide Chief Information Security Officer to oversee cybersecurity functions for state agencies. The offic\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 is responsible for strategic planning, coordination, risk identification, incident response, compliance monitoring, and awareness programs to protect the state's information technology infrastructure. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 G\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 overnment\\20 ILCS 1375_5-15.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_10.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_10.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_20.pdf \line \line Idaho: \line Accord\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ng to Idaho Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 67-827A: \line 1) The office of information technology services is authorized to oversee implementation of cybersecurity policies to foster risk and cybersecurity management in telecommunications and decision-making. \line 2) The office is also r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sponsible for coordinating and consulting with state agencies and officials regarding information security needs. \line 
3) Additionally, the office coordinates with state agencies and officials on penetration tests and vulnerability scans of state technology s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 stems to identify steps for risk mitigation. \line 
4) They are responsible for ensuring that state agencies implement mandatory education and training for state employees and provide guidance on appropriate levels of training. \line 5) The office coordinates with a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 propriate state agencies to create, publish, update, and maintain a statewide cybersecurity website for intelligence-sharing and best practices. \line 
6) Lastly, the office coordinates public and private entities to develop, create, and promote statewide publi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 outreach efforts to protect personal information and sensitive data from cyber threats. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Idaho\\Government\\Idaho Code _ 67-827A.pdf \line \line Montana: \line 
I'm sorry, but I don't have any specific information on different st\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tes' approaches to regulating cybersecurity for critical infrastructure sectors in the provided context. If you can provide more details or specific references, I'd be happy to help with your inquiry. \line \line Rhode Island: \line 
I'm sorry, but there is no informatio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 provided in the context to answer the question about the approaches taken by different states in regulating cybersecurity for critical infrastructure sectors. If you have more specific information or details in a different context, please provide them fo
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  me to assist you further. \line \line Indiana: \line \hich\f1 According to Burns Ind. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  27 -2-27-18: \line 
1. A licensee shall design its information security program to mitigate identified risks based on the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s size and complexity, the nature and scope of activiti\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s, and the sensitivity of nonpublic information. \line 
2. The licensee shall implement security measures like placing access controls, identifying and managing data, restricting physical access, encrypting nonpublic information, adopting secure development pra\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tices, using multi-factor authentication, testing systems, and including audit trails. \line 3. Cybersecurity risks should be included in the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s enterprise risk management process. \line 
4. Licensees must stay informed regarding emerging threats or vulnerab\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lities. \line 5. Use reasonable security measures when sharing information. \line 
6. Provide personnel with cybersecurity awareness training that reflects identified risks. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Insurance\\Burns Ind. Code Ann. _ 27-2-27-\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 18.pdf \line \line 
Vermont: \line \line \hich\f1 In Vermont, the state has established the Cybersecurity Advisory Council through Legislation code 20 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1 
 4662. The Council is responsible for advising on cybersecurity infrastructure, best practices, standards, and training. The M\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
mbership of the Council includes key officials such as the Chief Information Officer and Chief Information Security Officer. The Council's Powers and duties involve developing a strategic plan for cybersecurity, evaluating readiness, and strengthening saf
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
guards. It can establish working groups, consult with experts, and must provide annual reports to House and Senate Committees. There are measures in place for compensation, meeting requirements, and exemption of sensitive cybersecurity information from pu
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lic inspection. \line \line References: \line \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Cybersecurity\\\hich\f1 20 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4662.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont
\\Government\\\hich\f1 3 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  3301.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Financial\\\hich\f1 8 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4728.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ummary: 
\line \hich\f1 Minnesota's cybersecurity legislation for the insurance sector, as outlined in Minn. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 60A.9851, requires licensees to develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive information security program. This program should safeguard nonpublic in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ormation, assess threats, designate responsible individuals, mitigate risks, involve the board of directors in oversight, select secure third-party service providers, adapt to technological changes, and have an incident response plan. Insurers in the stat
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  must annually certify compliance with these requirements. \line \line Reference: \line Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Insurance\\Minn. Stat. _ 60A.9851.pdf \line \line Colorado: \line 
Summary: \line Different states, such as Colorado, have adopted various approaches to regulate cybers\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
curity for critical infrastructure sectors. These approaches include partnering with nonprofit organizations, creating secure environments for cyber product development, collaborating with other entities, establishing relationships with research corporati
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ns, fostering cooperation with relevant organizations and agencies, protecting privacy, utilizing distributed ledger technologies, and developing cybersecurity standards. Additionally, states coordinate with law enforcement, intelligence agencies, and ind
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 stry stakeholders to address cyber-based threats. \line \line References remain unchanged. \line \line Nevada: \line Summary: \line 
The state of Nevada recognizes the critical importance of protecting and securing information systems within its infrastructure sectors such as transport\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tion, healthcare, energy, education, law enforcement, and commercial enterprises. It emphasizes the need for collaboration between public and private sectors to identify and address vulnerabilities, respond to incidents, and ensure continuous delivery of 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ssential services. Institutions of higher education are also highlighted for their role in developing cybersecurity programs. Legislative provisions are deemed necessary to prepare for and mitigate risks to information systems and statewide cyberinfrastru
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ture. \line \line Reference: \line Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.900.pdf \line \line Alabama: \line \hich\f1 
According to Cal. Public Utilities Code \'a7\loch\f1  8385: \line a. Each department, board, and commission in state government that operates, an internet web\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ite shall provide online access to any e-government application and services required to be offered pursuant to subdivision (b). \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\
Internet Regulations\\Cal. Pu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lic Utilities Code_ 8385.pdf \line \line North Dakota: \line Summary: \line 
The response provides insights into North Dakota's approach to regulating cybersecurity for critical infrastructure sectors. It outlines the components of a security system plan, defines "critical in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rastructure," explains exemptions for security system plans for public entities, and addresses disclosure limitations for construction work on public buildings. References to specific sections of North Dakota's cybersecurity laws are included. \line 
\line Reference\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  44-04-24.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Insurance\\
\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-03.pdf \line \line Hawaii: \line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code HRS \'a7\loch\f1  128B -1: \line \line 1) States regulate cy\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ersecurity for critical infrastructure sectors by establishing a Hawaii cybersecurity, economic, education, and infrastructure security coordinator to oversee cybersecurity and cyber resiliency matters for the State. \line 
2) The coordinator partners with vari\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
us entities in sectors including power, water, communications, transportation, and finance to improve cyber resiliency through education, cybersecurity, and critical infrastructure protection. \line 
3) Efforts are made to improve the State's critical infrastru\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ture network and resiliency, secure moneys for cybersecurity activities, accelerate the growth of the cybersecurity industry, and expand cybersecurity and cyber resiliency understanding and workforce through education. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ty Law\\Hawaii\\Communications\\HRS _ 128B-1.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Insruance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-203.pdf \line \line New York: \line 
\hich\f1 Summary of Response: New York CLS Exec \'a7\loch\f1  713 outlines the process for reviewing and analyzing security measure\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 for critical infrastructure related to energy generation and transmission within the state. The commissioner of the division of homeland security and emergency services is responsible for reporting on security measures, assessing effectiveness, providing
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 recommendations, and developing confidentiality protocols. The public service commission may enforce recommendations for energy facilities, excluding federally licensed ones. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Government\\\hich\f1 NY CLS Exec \'a7\loch\f1  71\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 .pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 
NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1  103.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Government\\\hich\f1 NY CLS Exec \'a7\loch\f1  714.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Government\\\hich\f1 NY CLS Exec \'a7\loch\f1  716.pdf 
\line \line Texa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 : \line 
To regulate cybersecurity for critical infrastructure sectors, the state of Texas mandates that state agencies ensure information resources projects using cloud computing meet or exceed required state cybersecurity standards (Tex. Gov\hich\f1 \rquote 
\loch\f1 \hich\f1 t Code \'a7\loch\f1  2157.007\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 )\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
. Additionally, the state's Department is tasked with reviewing processes for software development and management for agencies utilizing cloud computing services, and is required to submit a report biennially on the use of cloud computing options, highlig
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ting cost savings, benefits, and security enhancements (Tex. Gov\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 \hich\f1 t Code \'a7\loch\f1  2157.007). \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2157.007.pdf \line \line Wisconsin: \line Summary: \line Wisconsin state regulations mandate licensees in critical in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rastructure sectors to establish and uphold a written information security program, conduct risk assessments, implement security measures, develop incident response plans, engage in regular monitoring, and certify compliance annually. Oversight by the boa
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d of directors is crucial, with exemptions available based on specific criteria. \line \line Reference: \line Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 601.952.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line According to The States can take different approaches to regulating cybersec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rity for critical infrastructure sectors. Some have enacted legislation that mandates specific cybersecurity requirements for certain sectors, while others have taken a more voluntary approach, relying on industry guidelines and best practices to protect 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ritical infrastructure. It is important for states to strike a balance between ensuring the security of critical infrastructure and allowing businesses the flexibility to innovate and adapt to changing cybersecurity threats. \line \line References: \line 
1) C:\\Users\\Use\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\State Regulations\\Approaches\\Summary.pdf \line \line Iowa: \line \hich\f1 
Summary: Iowa's cybersecurity regulations for critical infrastructure sectors, outlined in Iowa Code \'a7\loch\f1  507F.4, require licensees to develop, implemen\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
, and maintain comprehensive information security programs based on risk assessments. The program must protect nonpublic information, assess threats, prevent unauthorized access, define information retention schedules, and address cybersecurity risks in e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 terprise-wide risk management. Additionally, licensees must conduct risk assessments, establish incident response plans, and comply with the regulations by January 1, 2023. \line \line 
Reference: Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Insurance\\Iowa Code _ 507F.4.pdf \line \line Ore\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 on: \line 
Summary: The Oregon Cybersecurity Advisory Council was established at Portland State University to support the State Chief Information Officer in cybersecurity efforts for Oregon public bodies. The Council coordinates education, training, research, t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
chnology development, and services, serving as an advisory body on cybersecurity matters for local governments. Three universities are involved in administering the center through an operating agreement, with the mandate to develop strategic plans and pro
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ide reports to the Governor and Legislative Assembly. State agencies are required to support the center in its cybersecurity initiatives. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555.pdf \line \line Delaware: \line Summary of \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 R\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 esponse: \line \hich\f1 
Delaware's cybersecurity legislation (18 Del. C. \'a7\loch\f1 
 8604) mandates licensees to establish, implement, and maintain an information security program tailored to their risk assessment. The program should include administrative, technical, and physic\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
l safeguards to protect nonpublic information and the licensee's information system. Objectives include safeguarding information security and confidentiality, defending against threats, preventing unauthorized access, and establishing retention and destru
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tion protocols for nonpublic information. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8604.pdf \line \line Maryland: \line Summary: \line 
Different states regulate cybersecurity for critical infrastructure sectors by mandating public service c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
mpanies to have cybersecurity experts on their staff. State commissions are tasked with advising on cybersecurity practices, monitoring security standards, collaborating to establish cybersecurity standards, and submitting reports every 2 years. Personnel
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 are subject to state personnel and pension regulations for compensation. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Public Utilities\\
Md. Public Utility Companies Code Ann. _ 2-108.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Government\\Md. State F\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nance and Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.5-2A.04.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Government\\Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.5-406.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Public Utilities\\Md. Public Utility Companies Code Ann. _ 5-\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 06.pdf \line \line Utah: \line Summary: \line 
Utah has established cybersecurity regulations for critical infrastructure sectors under Title 63A of the Utah Government Operations Code. The regulations focus on zero trust architectures, multi-factor authentication, and third-
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
arty cloud computing solutions aligned with industry and federal standards. The Chief Information Officer is responsible for developing technology policies and implementing enterprise security practices. Annual reporting on cybersecurity progress is also 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 equired. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-16-214.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government
\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63C-27-101.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-16-1102.pd\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line Missouri: \line 
\hich\f1 According to Mississippi Code \'a7\loch\f1  39-73-3: \line 
1. Different states have adopted varying approaches to regulating cybersecurity for critical infrastructure sectors, with some states enacting broad legislation while others take a sector-specific ap\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 roach. \line 2. For example, Mississippi has implemented the Mississippi Cyber Security and Critical Infrastructure Protection Act, which addresses cybersecurity concerns across various sectors. \line 
3. This act focuses on protecting critical infrastructure from c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ber threats and ensuring the resilience of essential services during cyber incidents. \line 
4. Mississippi's approach involves collaboration between public and private sectors to enhance cybersecurity measures and response capabilities for critical infrastruct\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 re sectors. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Mississippi Code Annotated\\Title 39 - Public Officers and Employees\\Chapter 73 - Cyber Security and Critical Infrastructure Protection\\
Miss. Cod\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  _ 39-73-3.pdf \line \line Wyoming: \line \hich\f1 According to Iowa Code \'a7\loch\f1  22.7C: \line 
1. Iowa mandates an annual survey of critical infrastructure identification and protection, conducted by the Iowa Division of Homeland Security and Emergency Management (HSEMD). The survey examin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s the cybersecurity measures employed by critical infrastructure entities in the state. \line 
2. The state also engages in regular cybersecurity assessments, determines vulnerabilities, and works with stakeholders to improve infrastructure security. \line 3. Furthe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
more, Iowa emphasizes the importance of public-private partnerships in addressing cybersecurity threats to critical infrastructure sectors. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa
\\\hich\f1 Iowa Code \'a7\loch\f1  22.7C\\Repos\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tories_DST \line \line Kansas: \line \hich\f1 The response outlines the cybersecurity regulations set forth in Legislation code K.S.A. \'a7
\loch\f1  75-7240 for critical infrastructure sectors in Kansas. It highlights key points such as the responsibility of executive branch agency heads fo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 data security, the establishment of an agency-wide information security program, implementation of appropriate safeguards, inclusion of cybersecurity requirements in procurement specifications, conducting cybersecurity self-assessment reports, notificati
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n requirements in case of a breach, and the importance of IT security training for employees with IT access. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\
K.S.A. _ 75-7240.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\K.S.A. _ 75-724\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 4\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 .pdf \line \line South Carolina: \line \hich\f1 According to S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20: 
\line \line A licensee's information security program must be designed to: \line 1. protect the security and confidentiality of nonpublic information and the security of the information system; \line 2. protect \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 gainst threats or hazards to the security or integrity of nonpublic information and the information system; \line 
3. protect against unauthorized access to or use of nonpublic information, and minimize the likelihood of harm to a consumer; and \line 4. define and p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
riodically reevaluate a schedule for retention of nonpublic information and a mechanism for its destruction when no longer needed. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 38-99-20.pdf \line \line Maine: \line Summary: \line Maine\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
has established regulations under Title 24-A of the Maine Revised Statutes Annotated to ensure the cybersecurity of critical infrastructure sectors. Licensees are required to develop, implement, and maintain comprehensive information security programs bas
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
d on risk assessments, including administrative, technical, and physical safeguards. The objectives include protecting nonpublic information and information systems, defending against threats, minimizing harm to consumers, and establishing retention and d
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 struction schedules. Risk assessments are mandated for licensees to identify, manage, and evaluate potential risks. \line \line References: \line 1) [Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\
Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf](static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 M\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 .R.S. _ 2264.pdf) \line 2) [Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Public Utilities\\
35-A M.R.S. _ 3143.pdf](static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Public Utilities\\35-A M.R.S. _ 3143.pdf) \line \line Pennsylvania: \line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code 40 Pa.C.S. \'a7\loch\f1  4513: \line \line 1) Each lic
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nsee in Pennsylvania is required to develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive written information security program based on the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s risk assessment that contains administrative, technical, and physical safeguards for the protection of nonpub\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ic information and the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s information systems, designed to protect against threats, hazards, and unauthorized access. \line \line 2) Licensees must designate individuals to act on behalf of the licensee responsible for the information security program and d
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 velop security measures such as access controls, encryption, secure development practices, and regular testing and monitoring of systems. \line \line 
3) Licensees are also required to include cybersecurity risks in the enterprise risk management process, provide cy\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ersecurity awareness training to personnel, and have an incident response plan to promptly respond to and recover from any cybersecurity event compromising information security. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\
\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1  4513.p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f \line \line Michigan: \line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code MCLS \'a7\loch\f1  500.555: \line \line 
1) Similar to Michigan, different states regulate cybersecurity for critical infrastructure sectors by requiring comprehensive written information security programs, ensuring protection agains\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 threats and hazards, unauthorized access, and harm to consumers. \line \line 2) States mandate licensees to assess threats, implement safeguards, and conduct ongoing assessments of the effectiveness of their security measures. \line \line 
3) Licensees are obligated to desig\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 security programs based on risk assessments, mitigate identified risks, and implement appropriate security measures such as access controls, encryption, and multi-factor authentication. \line \line 
4) Boards of directors are required to oversee the development and\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
maintenance of information security programs, and licensees must exercise due diligence in selecting and monitoring third-party service providers. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS _ 500.555.pdf \line 
\line Virginia: \line Different sta\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 es have their own approaches to regulating cybersecurity for critical infrastructure sectors. For example, in Virginia, Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 2.2-3705.2 outlines specific information that is protected, such as details held by the Virginia Military Advisory Coun\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
il regarding strategies to prevent closure or realignment of military installations. Additionally, information related to Statewide Agencies Radio System (STARS) or similar public safety communication systems is also safeguarded to maintain system integri
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  2.2-3705.2.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Insurance
\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-623.pdf \line \line New Mexico: \line Summary: \line New Mexico has established a cybersecurity office unde\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 the department of information technology to oversee cybersecurity and information security functions for agencies. The office is responsible for creating minimum security standards, monitoring networks for security incidents, developing incident-response
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
plans, and providing cybersecurity resources and training. Additionally, the office collaborates with agencies to ensure regulatory environments are considered in cybersecurity incident response and establishes a centralized cybersecurity and data breach 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 eporting process. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  9-27A-3.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Utilities\\\hich\f1 N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  71-11-1.pdf \line \line Washington: \line Summary of Response: \line Washington \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tate's cybersecurity regulations for critical infrastructure sectors require the Office of Cybersecurity to establish security standards and policies, develop centralized protocols, detect and respond to security incidents, and collaborate with state agen
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ies to ensure compliance. State entities must implement cybersecurity programs consistent with these standards, annually review and update their security measures, and share cybersecurity needs with the Office of Cybersecurity. \line \line References: 
\line 1) Current C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 bersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 
Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450(2).pdf \line \line West Virginia: \line Summary: \line Different states approach regulating cybersecurity for\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
critical infrastructure sectors by defining key terms like cybersecurity framework, cyber incident, cyber risk assessment, cyber risk management service, enterprise, information custodian, plan of action and milestones, privacy impact assessment, and secu
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ity controls. These definitions help in establishing guidelines and best practices for enhancing cybersecurity measures in state government entities. \line \line Reference: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-2.pdf \line \line Kentucky:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Summary: \line 
States regulate cybersecurity for critical infrastructure sectors by imposing requirements such as recordkeeping, reporting, and examinations. Investment advisers are mandated to establish procedures for business continuity, succession planning,
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 physical security, and cybersecurity policies to safeguard records and information. Commissioners have the authority to regulate charges and commissions while promoting collaboration with federal and self-regulatory authorities for oversight. Central dep
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sitory systems are used to enhance regulatory supervision. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Finance\\KRS _ 292.336.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Kentucky\\Insurance\\KRS _ 304.3-756.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Finance\\K\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 R\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S _ 42.726.pdf \line \line Arkansas: \line \hich\f1 
According to the California Health and Safety Code \'a7\loch\f1  120285: \line 1. California has adopted a comprehensive approach to addressing cybersecurity for critical infrastructure sectors, by enacting legislation requiring the development
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 of regulations to ensure the cybersecurity of critical infrastructure sectors against unauthorized access, damage, or disruption. \line 
2. The legislation mandates the California Emergency Management Agency to work with the California State threat Assessment S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
stem and other appropriate state and local agencies to develop and adopt these regulations. \line 
3. The regulations are intended to address the unique cybersecurity challenges faced by critical infrastructure sectors and establish minimum requirements for the\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
protection of critical infrastructure systems and assets. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Health and Safety\\\hich\f1 Cal. Health & Safety Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 120285.pdf \line \line New Jersey: \line \hich\f1 According to N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  5\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 8\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :31 -4.1: \line 
a. Each water purveyor shall update its cybersecurity program to apply to all of the public community water system\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s industrial control systems and to reasonably conform to industry-recognized cybersecurity frameworks. \line 
b. Whenever a final revi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ion to the listed frameworks is published, a water purveyor shall revise its cybersecurity program to reasonably conform to the revised framework. \line 
c. Each water purveyor shall submit a certification demonstrating compliance with the requirements annually\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 to relevant authorities. \line 
d. The New Jersey Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Cell shall audit non-compliant water systems with the help of a qualified cybersecurity company. \line e. A water purveyor shall provide proof of compliance upon request. \line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f. The board will update its established requirements for cybersecurity programs to conform with the new section. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Utilities\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7
\loch\f1  58_31-4.1.pdf \line \line Massachusetts: \line According to Calif. Pub. Util. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ode \'a7\loch\f1  8380: \line 
1. California has taken a comprehensive approach to regulating cybersecurity for critical infrastructure sectors, with the enactment of the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA). \line 2. Additionally,
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
California has specific laws focused on critical infrastructure protection, such as the California Public Utilities Code Section 8380, which addresses the cybersecurity of energy infrastructure. \line 
3. Moreover, California has also established the Office of \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 E\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 mergency Services (Cal OES) to oversee cybersecurity efforts for essential services and critical infrastructure. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Public Utilities\\\hich\f1 Calif. Pub. Util. Code \'a7\loch\f1  83\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 8\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 0.pdf \line 
\line Arizona: \line According to N.R.S. 459.0137: \line 1. States have taken various approaches to regulate cybersecurity for critical infrastructure sectors. \line 
2. For example, "Nevada has adopted the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) framewor\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 k\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
, while California and New York have developed their frameworks that place specific requirements on critical infrastructure sectors." \line 
3. Furthermore, "Some states have focused on specific sectors, such as the electric grid or water systems, while others \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ave taken a more holistic approach." \line 
4. Overall, it is essential for states to tailor their cybersecurity regulations to the unique needs of their critical infrastructure sectors. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cyber
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecurity Law\\Nevada\\Public Utilities\\N.R.S. 459.0137.pdf \line \line Louisiana: \line 
States like Louisiana have established a Louisiana Cybersecurity Commission to oversee critical infrastructure sectors identified by the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 These sectors encompass a wide range including chemical, energy, transportation systems, and more. The regulations aim to protect these sectors from potential cyber threats. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\
Government\\La. R.S. _ 39_1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 .12.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Insurance\\La. R.S. _ 22_2504.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Finance\\
La. R.S. _ 51_3052.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Government\\La. R.S. _ 42_1267.pdf \line \line Mississippi: \line Summary of th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  response: \line \line \hich\f1 
Mississippi Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  25-53-201 outlines the responsibilities of state agencies in ensuring cybersecurity for data and IT resources. This includes having a security program in place, designating an information security officer, compliance w
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
th laws, implementing safeguards, conducting assessments, incorporating cybersecurity requirements in solicitations, and participating in training. The Mississippi Department of Information Technology Services is responsible for evaluating and centralizin
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  cybersecurity efforts, reviewing security requirements in state contracts, and considering program expansion. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\
Government\\Miss. Code Ann. _ 25-53-201.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Ins\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rance\\Miss. Code Ann. __ 83-5-807.pdf \line \line Georgia: \line 
The response provided does not directly address the question about insights into the approaches taken by different states in regulating cybersecurity for critical infrastructure sectors. It instead present\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  information regarding public disclosure requirements outlined in the O.C.G.A. \'a7\loch\f1  50-18-72 in Georgia. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\State Government\\
O.C.G.A. _ 50-18-72.pdf \line \line Florida: \line Different states regulate cybersecurity for criti\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
al infrastructure sectors by establishing asset management procedures, utilizing standard risk assessment methodologies, conducting comprehensive risk assessments and cybersecurity audits, identifying protection procedures, ensuring confidentiality, integ
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ity, and availability of information and data, detecting threats through monitoring, establishing incident response teams, recovering information post-incident, developing strategic and operational cybersecurity plans, aligning safeguards with risk manage
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ent strategy, incorporating detection and response data into incident response plans, ensuring compliance with laws and regulations, providing cybersecurity awareness training, and establishing processes for detecting, reporting, and responding to threats
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 and breaches. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Information Technology\\Fla. Stat. _ 282.318.pdf \line \line 
States have adopted varying approaches to regulating cybersecurity for critical infrastructure sectors, with some enacting broad legislation\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
while others take a sector-specific approach. For example, Mississippi has implemented the Mississippi Cyber Security and Critical Infrastructure Protection Act. This act focuses on protecting critical infrastructure from cyber threats and ensuring the re
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ilience of essential services during cyber incidents. Mississippi's approach involves collaboration between public and private sectors to enhance cybersecurity measures and response capabilities for critical infrastructure sectors. }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid13112957 \line }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13112957 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000c0ee
340af8ddda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}