{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid11362886}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr12\min22}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr12\min22}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages14}{\nofwords5146}{\nofchars29338}{\nofcharsws34416}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot11362886 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid11362886 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q2: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid11362886 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 How do most states define critical infrastructure in the context of cybersecurity}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid11362886 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9310610 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid11362886 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Res\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ponse:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid11362886 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line 5. Arizona \line 6. Colorado \line 
7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 18. Oregon \line 
19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. South Carolina \line 23. Indiana \line 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. Kansas \line 28. Arka\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
sas \line 29. Idaho \line 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 40. Alabama \line 
41. North Dakota \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. New Mexico \line 46. K\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ntucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 50. Illinois 
\line \line New Hampshire: \line According to RSA 420 -P:4: \line I. Implementation of the program shall be commensurate with the size and complexity of the licensee, the nature and scope of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s act
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 vities, including its use of third-party service providers, and the sensitivity of the nonpublic information used by the licensee or in the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s possession, custody, or control. Each licensee shall develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive wr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tten information security program based on the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s risk assessment and that contains administrative, technical, and physical safeguards for the protection of nonpublic information and the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s information system. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cyb
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rsecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420-P_4.pdf \line \line Delaware: \line \hich\f1 ### According to 18 Del. C. \'a7\loch\f1  8604: \line \line 
1. Most states define critical infrastructure in the context of cybersecurity as: \line a. Essential government and business facilities, services, and oper\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tions. \line 
b. Includes networks, systems, functions, assets, and vital resources. \line \line References: \line 1. Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8604.pdf \line \line Virginia: \line \hich\f1 According to Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 2.2-3705.2: \line 15. Information held by the Virginia\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Commercial Space Flight Authority that is categorized as classified or sensitive but unclassified, including national security, defense, and foreign policy information, provided that such information is exempt under the federal Freedom of Information Act,
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 5 U.S.C. \'a7\loch\f1  552. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  2.2-3705.2.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-623.pdf \line \line New York: \line \hich\f1 According to NY CLS Exec \'a7\loch\f1  713: \line 1. For the purposes \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 f this article, the term \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 critical infrastructure\'94\loch\f1  has the meaning ascribed to that term in subdivision five of section eighty-six of the public officers law. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Government\\\hich\f1 NY CLS Exec \'a7\loch\f1  713.pdf \line 2) Curren\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Government\\\hich\f1 NY CLS Exec 
\'a7\loch\f1  714.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Government\\\hich\f1 NY CLS Exec \'a7\loch\f1  716.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1  103.pdf 
\line \line Arizona: \line According \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 o Idaho Code \'a7\loch\f1  74-125: \line 
1. "Critical infrastructure" means systems and assets, whether physical or virtual, so vital that the incapacity or destruction of such systems and assets would have a debilitating impact on security, national economic security, na
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ional public health or safety, or any combination of those matters. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Idaho\\
Regulations\\\hich\f1 Idaho Code \'a7\loch\f1  74-125.pdf \line \line Colorado: \line According to Legislation Code C.R.S. 24 -33.5-\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1905: \line 
In furtherance of subsection (1) of this section, the university of Colorado at Colorado Springs and any nonprofit organization with which the university has a partnership may consider the following: \line (h) Establishing protocols for coordinating and
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
sharing information with state and federal law enforcement and intelligence agencies responsible for investigating and collecting information related to cyber-based criminal and national security threats; \line 
(i) Supporting state and federal law enforcement \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 gencies with their responsibilities to investigate and prosecute threats to and attacks against critical infrastructure. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\C.R.S. 24-33.5-1905.pdf \line \line Georgia: \line \hich\f1 According to O.C.G.A. \'a7\loch\f1  38-3-22.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2: \line 
(a) As used in this Code section, the term "Agency" means the executive, judicial, or legislative branch of this state and any department, agency, board, bureau, office, commission, public corporation, and authority thereof. The term shall not include
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
any county, municipal corporation, or public corporation or any authority of a county, municipal corporation, public corporation, or authority is acting as a provider of wholesale or retail electric or gas service. \line 
(b) Every utility means any publicly, p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ivately, or cooperatively owned line, facility, or system for producing, transmitting, or distributing power, electricity, light, heat, or gas. \line 
\line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\Military\\O.C.G.A. _ 38-3-22.2.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Law\\Georgia\\State Government\\O.C.G.A. _ 50-18-72.pdf \line 
\line Vermont: \line \hich\f1 According to 20 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4661: \line \hich\f1 1. "Critical infrastructure" has the same meaning as in 11 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  1701. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\
Cybersecurity\\\hich\f1 20 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4661.p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f \line \line Wyoming: \line According to Texas Laws - Governing Critical Information Infrastructures (Sec. 2059.003): \line 
Critical infrastructure means systems and assets, whether physical or virtual, so vital to the state that the incapacity or destruction of the systems\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
and assets would have a debilitating impact on security, economic security, public health or safety, or any combination of those matters. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\
Sec.-2059.003.pdf \line \line Rhod\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Island: \line According to 2017 Wisconsin Statutes & Annotations, Section 16.315: \line 
1. "[C]ritical infrastructure" means systems and assets, whether physical or cyber-based, so vital to Wisconsin that the incapacity or destruction of such systems or assets wou\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
d have a debilitating impact on security, economic security, public health or safety, or any combination of those matters. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\
2017 Wisconsin Statutes & Annotatio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\\_ 16.315.pdf \line \line Nebraska: \line 
Most states define critical infrastructure in the context of cybersecurity by including definitions such as civil defense emergency, critical infrastructure utility worker, disaster, emergency, priority access, utility, and uti
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ity system. The term "critical infrastructure utility worker" is defined as an essential worker identified by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency. The definition encompasses a wide range of utility ser
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ices, including electrical, gas, water, steam, sewage, and telecommunications services. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nebraska\\Government\\\hich\f1 R.R.S. Neb. 
\'a7\loch\f1  81-829.01.pdf \line \line Nevada: \line Most states define critical infrastructure in the context of cyb\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rsecurity by emphasizing the essential protection and security of information systems to safeguard the health, safety, and welfare of the population. Technologies related to information systems have significant implications for critical infrastructure are
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s such as transportation, healthcare, energy, education, law enforcement, and commercial enterprises. The statewide cyberinfrastructure, comprising information systems, is crucial for delivering essential services and ensuring the well-being of the people
.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 Identifying vulnerable areas and collaborating across sectors to share information and analyze threats are essential for securing cyberinfrastructure. Institutions of higher education also play a critical role in supporting a skilled workforce for a more
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 secure cyberinfrastructure. Provisions must be enacted to prepare for and mitigate risks to protect information systems and cyberinfrastructure effectively. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.900.pd\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line Michigan: \line \hich\f1 According to the legislation code MCLS \'a7
\loch\f1  500.555: \line \line Paragraph 1: \line Each licensee shall develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive written information security program, based on the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s risk assessment, that contains administrativ
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 , technical, and physical safeguards for the protection of nonpublic information and the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s information system. \line \line Paragraph 5: \line 
If a licensee has a board of directors, the board or an appropriate committee of the board shall, at a minimum, require\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s executive management or its delegates to develop, implement, and maintain the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s information security program. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS _ 500.555.pdf \line 
\line Florida: \line Summary: The most states de\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ine critical infrastructure in the context of cybersecurity based on severity levels of cybersecurity incidents as defined by the National Cyber Incident Response Plan of the United States Department of Homeland Security. This includes incidents ranging f
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 om emergency-level incidents posing an imminent threat to critical infrastructure to low-level incidents unlikely to impact public health or safety. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Information Technology\\Fla. Stat. _ 282.318.pdf - Cont\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 xt 1 & Context 2 \line \line Missouri: \line 
According to NCSL, in the context of cybersecurity, most states adopt the federal definition of critical infrastructure, which includes sectors such as energy, transportation, and communications. \line \line References: \line 1) NCSL\\StateC
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 bersecurityLegislations.pdf \line \line Wisconsin: \line \hich\f1 According to Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952: \line \line 
1) Critical infrastructure is not explicitly defined in this statute. The focus of the statute is primarily on developing and implementing an information security program for l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
censees, conducting risk assessments, and managing cybersecurity risks related to nonpublic information and information systems. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 601.952.pdf \line \line Tennessee: \line According to Tenn. Code\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004: \line \line 
Paragraph 6 states: "A licensee shall exercise due diligence in selecting a third -party service provider and, by July 1, 2023, require that each third -party service provider implement appropriate administrative, technical, and physic
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l measures to protect and secure the information systems and nonpublic information accessible to, or held by, the third -party service provider." \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004.pdf \line \line Oregon: \line Ac\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ording to ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555: \line 
(2) The center shall operate under the joint direction and control of Portland State University, Oregon State University, and the University of Oregon. A director shall be appointed to oversee the center pursuant to procedures s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t forth in the charter developed and adopted under subsection (5) of this section. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 ORS \'a7
\loch\f1  276A.555.pdf \line \line Connecticut: \line \hich\f1 According to Conn. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  42 -901: \line Critical Infrastructu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e Cybersecurity is defined as follows in the context: \line \hich\f1 "(1) The cybersecurity program conforms to the current version of or any combination of the current versions of: (i) The \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
Framework for Improving Critical Infrastructure Cybersecurity\'94\loch\f1  published by th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  National Institute of Standards and Technology." \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Business Practices\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 42-901.pdf \line \line Mississippi: \line \hich\f1 According to Miss. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  25-53-201: \line \line 1) Critical infrastructure in the contex
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  of cybersecurity is defined as: \line 
"Any data and IT resources state agencies shall implement to the extent that they apply; and including the defined enterprise security requirements as minimum requirements in the specifications for solicitation of state c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ntracts for procuring data and information technology systems and services." \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Government\\Miss. Code Ann. _ 25-53-201.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line 
According to 145 Cong. Rec., S2023 (daily ed. Mar. 24, 1999): \line Cri\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ical infrastructure is defined differently by the various states that have developed specific frameworks. In general, critical infrastructure is defined as any system or asset so vital to society that its incapacity or destruction would have a debilitatin
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  impact on national security, economic security, public health or safety, or any combination of those matters. \line \line References: \line 1) 145 Cong. Rec., S2023 (daily ed. Mar. 24, 1999) 
\line \line South Carolina: \line \hich\f1 According to S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20: \line \line 1) Critical infra\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tructure is defined based on the nature and scope of activities, the use of third-party service providers, and the sensitivity of nonpublic information used or in possession, custody, or control by each licensee. It includes developing, implementing, and 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
aintaining a comprehensive written information security program with administrative, technical, and physical safeguards for the protection of nonpublic information and the licensee's information system. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Ca\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 olina\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20.pdf \line \line Indiana: \line \hich\f1 According to Burns Ind. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 1 -1-16-9: \line Critical infrastructure is defined as infrastructure or a cybersecurity system that may be directly or remotely accessed or controlled, and restricti\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ns are imposed on agreements related to critical infrastructure that involve companies owned by individuals from specific countries designated as threats, or headquartered in those countries. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Indiana\\Civil Law\\B\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rns Ind. Code Ann. _ 1-1-16-9.pdf \line \line Utah: \line \hich\f1 
Most states define critical infrastructure in the context of cybersecurity similarly to Utah's definition found in Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63C-27-101. Critical infrastructure sectors include chemical, commercial facilit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
es, communications, critical manufacturing, dams, defense industrial base, emergency services, energy, financial services, food and agriculture, government facilities, healthcare and public health, information technology, nuclear reactors, nuclear materia
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s, nuclear waste, transportation systems, and water and wastewater systems. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 63C-27-101.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Criminal\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  76-6-702.pdf \line 3) Current C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 bersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 
Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-16-214.pdf \line \line West Virginia: \line \hich\f1 According to W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-2: \line 
Critical infrastructure is not explicitly defined in the provided context of cybersecurity legislation in West Virginia. \line \line References: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
West Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-2.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-4.pdf \line \line Maryland: \line \hich\f1 
According to Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  3.5-2A.04: \line \line 1. Critica\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 infrastructure is defined in the context of cybersecurity by establishing security requirements for information and information systems in each category, assessing the categorization of information and systems, and taking necessary actions to mitigate an
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 security vulnerabilities or deficiencies to avoid serious risks to entities or the State. This includes managing security awareness training, assisting in the development of data management and governance standards, and providing technical assistance to 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 mprove cybersecurity practices. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Government\\Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.5-2A.04.pdf \line \line 
Kansas: \line The response summarizes how most states define critical infrastructure in the context of\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
cybersecurity, emphasizing infrastructure in state data centers, third-party locations, and in transit between locations. It also highlights the responsibilities of agency heads to ensure cybersecurity, implement safeguards, participate in cybersecurity p
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ograms, and include cybersecurity requirements in procurement specifications to comply with state and federal laws. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\
Government\\K.S.A. _ 75-7240.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Communication\\K.S.A.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 _ 45-217.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\K.S.A. _ 75-7244.pdf 
\line \line Arkansas: \line \hich\f1 According to N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  9-27-3: \line 1. "Critical infrastructure" means systems and assets, whether physical or virtual, so vital to the state that the incap\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
city or destruction of such systems and assets would have a debilitating impact on the state. These may include, among others, information technology systems, communication systems, energy systems, transportation systems, emergency services, and water sys
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ems. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  9-27-3.pdf 
\line \line Idaho: \line \hich\f1 According to Idaho Code \'a7\loch\f1  67-827A: \line 1) Critical infrastructure is defined in the context of cyberse\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urity as the following: \line 
"To oversee implementation of cybersecurity policies to foster risk and cybersecurity management telecommunications and decision-making with both internal and external organizational stakeholders." \line "To coordinate and consult with
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 state agencies and officials regarding information security needs." \line 
"To coordinate with state agencies and officials on penetration tests and vulnerability scans of state technology systems in order to identify steps to mitigate identified risks." \line "To c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ordinate with state agencies and officials to ensure that state agencies implement mandatory education and training of state employees and provide guidance on appropriate levels of training for various classifications of state employees." \line 
"To coordinate \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ith appropriate state agencies to create, coordinate, publish, routinely update and market a statewide cybersecurity website as an information repository for intelligence-sharing and cybersecurity best practices." \line 
"To coordinate public and private entiti\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s to develop, create and promote statewide public outreach efforts to protect personal information and sensitive data from cyber threats." \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Idaho\\Government\\Idaho Code _ 67-827A.pdf \line \line North Carolina: \line Most states\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
define critical infrastructure in the context of cybersecurity as a significant cybersecurity incident that is likely to result in demonstrable harm to the State\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s security interests, economy, critical infrastructure, or to the public confidence, civil li\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 erties, or public health and safety of the residents. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1320.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  1
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 4\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3B-1379.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\Emergency Management\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  166A-19.12.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\
Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1322.pdf \line \line Texas: \line Most states define critical infras\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ructure in the context of cybersecurity based on a variety of facilities, including chemical manufacturing facilities, refineries, electrical power generating facilities, water treatment plants, natural gas transmission compressor stations, telecommunicat
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ons central switching offices, transportation facilities like ports and railroads, gas processing plants, federally licensed radio or television station transmission facilities, and cable television or video service provider headends. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Cu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rent Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Criminal\\\hich\f1 Tex. Penal Code \'a7\loch\f1  33.01.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Education\\\hich\f1 Tex. Educ. Code 
\'a7\loch\f1  28.002.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Business\\\hich\f1 Tex. Bus. & Com. Code \'a7\loch\f1  117.001.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tex\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\\Government\\
\hich\f1 Tex. Govt Code \'a7\loch\f1  411.084.pdf \line \line California: \line According to 2018 N.D. House Bill 1392: \line 
1. "Critical infrastructure means systems and assets, whether physical or virtual, so vital to the state that the incapacity or destruction of such systems a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
d assets would have a debilitating impact on security, national economic security, national public health or safety, or any combination of those matters." \line 
2. "Critical infrastructure includes systems and assets identified in the state emergency plan as e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
sential infrastructure, systems and assets to support continuity of state and local government." \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Legislation\\
2018 N.D. House Bill 1392.pdf \line \line Montana: \line Acco\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ding to Wisconsin Statute \'a7\loch\f1  942.82: \line 
1. "Critical infrastructure" means systems and assets, whether physical or virtual, so vital to a state that the incapacity or destruction of such systems and assets would have a debilitating impact on security, econom\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c security, public health or safety, or any combination of those matters. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Wis. Stat _ 942.82.pdf \line 
\line Massachusetts: \line \hich\f1 According to Maryland H.B. 73 \'a7\loch\f1  10-1301: \line 1.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 "Critical infrastructure" means systems and assets vital to national security, governance, public health and safety, economy, or public confidence. \line 2. "Critical infrastructure" includes the following sectors: \line 
a. Transportation and key resources; \line b. Pu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lic health, including hospitals and public health labs; \line c. Water and wastewater facilities; \line d. Chemical facilities; \line 
e. Nuclear facilities; \line f. Agriculture; \line g. Energy facilities; \line h. Telecommunication infrastructure; \line i. Law enforcement; \line j. Emergency \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ervices; and \line 
k. Information technology. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Documents\\Maryland_H.B.73.pdf \line \line Iowa: \line \hich\f1 According to Iowa Code \'a7\loch\f1  554G.3: \line 
In the context of cybersecurity, most states define critical infrastructure as "any applicable rules, regulations, or gu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
delines for critical infrastructure protection adopted by the federal environmental protection agency, the federal cybersecurity and infrastructure security agency, or the north American reliability corporation" (Iowa Code \'a7\loch\f1  554G.3). \line 
\line References: \line 1) Cur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ent Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Commerce\\Iowa Code _ 554G.3.pdf \line \line New Jersey: \line 
Most states do not explicitly define critical infrastructure in the context of cybersecurity. Rather, they focus on defining terms related to cybersecurity incidents, cyber threat i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
dicators, defensive measures, government contractors, information resources, information systems, information technology, private entities, and public agencies. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Government\\\hich\f1 
N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  52_17B-193.2.pd\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Utilities\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  58_31-2.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey
\\Utilities\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  58_31-4.1.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Utilities\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  58_31-4.1.pdf \line \line Washington: \line Most st\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tes define critical infrastructure in the context of cybersecurity to include establishing security standards and policies to protect information technology systems and infrastructure, ensuring governance and application of standards across state IT resou
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ces, and safeguarding the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of information within the state's IT systems and infrastructure. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450.pdf \line 2) Current C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 bersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 
Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450(2).pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Military\\\hich\f1 
Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  38.52.0\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 4\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 0.pdf \line \line Louisiana: \line \hich\f1 According to La. R.S. \'a7\loch\f1  39:15.12: \line 
1) Critical infrastructure sectors include the following sectors which the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency of the federal Department of Homeland Security has identified as critical: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a) Chemical. \line (b) Commercial facilities. \line (c) Communications. \line (d) Critical manufacturing. \line (e) Dams. \line (f) Defense industrial base. \line (g) Emergency services. \line (h) Energy. \line 
(i) Financial services. \line (j) Food and agriculture. \line (k) Government facilities. \line (l) \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 H\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ealthcare and public health. \line (m) Information technology. \line 
(n) Nuclear reactors, materials, and waste. \line (o) Transportation systems. \line (p) Water and wastewater systems. \line (q) Any other sector which the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency deems t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  be critical in the future. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Government\\La. R.S. _ 39_15.12.pdf \line \line Maine: \line 
Most states define critical infrastructure in the context of cybersecurity by requiring licensees to develop, implement, and mai\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tain comprehensive information security programs with administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect nonpublic information and information systems. The objectives include safeguarding data, protecting against threats, minimizing harm to con
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
umers, defining data retention schedules, and implementing mechanisms for data destruction. Risk assessment involves identifying threats, assessing potential damage, evaluating safeguards, and assessing key controls annually. Risk management entails mitig
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ting identified risks through security measures like access controls, encryption, and incident response procedures. Executive management or delegates are responsible for overseeing the program and reporting annually to the board, while due diligence in se
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecting and overseeing third-party service providers is also essential. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Public Utilities\\35-A M.R.S. _ 3143.pdf \line \line Alabama: \line According to N\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 w Mexico Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  10-16P-3: \line 
1. "Critical infrastructure" means systems and assets, whether physical or virtual, so vital to a state that the incapacity or destruction of such would have a debilitating impact on security, the economy, public health or\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 safety, or any combination thereof. \line 
2. "Critical infrastructure" also includes "systems and assets, whether physical or cyber-based, so vital that their destruction or incapacitation would have a debilitating impact on national security, the economy, pub\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ic health and safety, or any combination thereof." \line 
3. Critical infrastructure sectors are defined by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and include, among others, "transportation systems, cyber systems in transportation, and the related assets, sys\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ems, and networks that are vital to the security, the economy, public health, or safety of the state." \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico
\\New Mexico Statutes\\New_Mexico_Stat._Ann._10-16P-3.pdf\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 North Dakota: \line \hich\f1 According to N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  44-04-24: \line 
2. "Critical infrastructure" means public buildings, systems, including telecommunications centers and computers, power generation plants, dams, bridges, and similar key resources, and systems re\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ated to utility services, fuel supply, energy, hazardous liquid, natural gas, or coal, whether physical or virtual, so vital to the state that the incapacity or destruction of these systems would have a debilitating impact on security, state economic secu
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ity, state public health or safety, or any combination of those matters. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7
\loch\f1  44-04-24.pdf \line \line \line \line Alaska: \line Most states define critical infrastructure in the context of cybersec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rity as systems and assets, whether physical or virtual, that are crucial to the functioning of a region or state. The incapacity or destruction of such systems would have a significant negative impact on security, economic stability, public health, or sa
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ety. The definition of critical infrastructure includes various sectors such as chemical, commercial facilities, communications, dams, defense industrial base, emergency services, energy, financial services, food and agriculture, government facilities, he
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lthcare, information technology, nuclear facilities, transportation systems, and water and wastewater systems. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app
\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Va. Code Ann. _ 2.2-222.1.pdf \line \line Ohio: \line According\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 to Legislation code ORC Ann. 3965.02: \line \line 
(C) The licensee shall designate one or more persons or entities to act on behalf of the licensee and be responsible for the information security program, identify reasonably foreseeable internal or external threats\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
that could result in unauthorized access, transmission, disclosure, misuse, alteration, or destruction of nonpublic information, and assess the likelihood and potential damage of the threats described in division (C)(2) of this section, taking into consid
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ration the sensitivity of the nonpublic information. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\ORC Ann. 3965.02.pdf \line \line Pennsylvania: \line \hich\f1 
According to Pennsylvania Statutes, Title 40, \'a7\loch\f1  4513: \line \line \hich\f1 \'a7\loch\f1  4513. Information security program. \line \line (a) Requi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ement for implementation and objectives. \line Each licensee shall develop, implement and maintain a comprehensive written information security program based on the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s risk assessment that: \line 
(1) Contains administrative, technical and physical safeguard\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  for the protection of nonpublic information and the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s information systems. \line 
(2) Is commensurate with the following: \line (i) The size and complexity of the licensee. \line (ii) The nature and scope of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s activities, including the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s u
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e of third-party service providers. \line (iii) The sensitivity of the nonpublic information used by the licensee or in the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s possession, custody, or control. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1  4513.pdf \line \line New Mexico\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 
Most states define critical infrastructure in the context of cybersecurity by focusing on grid modernization, which includes improvements to electric distribution or transmission infrastructure to integrate renewable electric generation resources and en
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ance grid reliability, security, demand response capability, customer service, or energy efficiency. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Utilities\\
\hich\f1 N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  71-11-1.pdf \line \line Kentucky: \line \hich\f1 According to KRS \'a7\loch\f1  292.336: \line 1) Critical infra\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tructure services specifically cover at least the following five (5) functions: \line a. Identification - development of organizational understanding to manage information security risk to systems, assets, data, and capabilities; \line 
b. Protection - development a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d implementation of appropriate safeguards to ensure delivery of critical infrastructure services; \line 
c. Detection - development and implementation of appropriate activities to identify the occurrence of an information security event; \line d. Response - develop\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ent and implementation of appropriate activities to take action regarding a detected information security event; and \line 
e. Recovery - development and implementation of appropriate activities to maintain plans for resilience and to restore any capabilities o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 services that were impaired due to an information security event. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Finance\\KRS _ 292.336.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Insurance\\KRS _ 304.3-756.pdf \line \line 
Hawaii: \line \hich\f1 According to HRS \'a7\loch\f1  128B-1, th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 definition of critical infrastructure in the context of cybersecurity includes identifying interdependencies of critical infrastructures, points of connection between critical infrastructures, the most critical nodes, and the cascading effects of a cyber
-\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 attack on these points of connection between critical infrastructure (paragraph (d)(2)). \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Communications\\HRS _ 128B-1.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Insruance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-203.p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Criminal\\HRS _ 708-890.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line 
\hich\f1 According to Minn. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  16E.03: \line Critical infrastructure is defined as information and telecommunications systems and services encompassing computing and telecommunications\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
hardware and software, activities related to securing and processing data electronically, and includes proposed expenditures for hardware, software, security measures, and professional services. It also covers voice, video, and data transmissions across v
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rious transport technologies and focuses on the protection of data and systems connected to the Internet. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\
Information Technology\\Minn. Stat. _ 16E.03.pdf \line \line South Dakota: \line I don't have the specific info\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
mation required to answer the question regarding how most states define critical infrastructure in the context of cybersecurity. If you provide me with relevant context or specific state legislation codes, I can help answer the question accurately. \line 
\line Illi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ois: \line According to Legislation code 20 ILCS 1375/5 -15: \line \line 1) Critical infrastructure is defined in the context of cybersecurity as: \line 
"(5) manage the response to information security and information security incidents involving State of Illinois informatio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 systems and ensure the completeness of information system security plans for critical information systems; (6) conduct pre-deployment information security assessments for critical information systems and submit findings and recommendations to the Secreta
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y and State agency heads; (7) develop and conduct targeted operational evaluations, including threat and vulnerability assessments on information systems." \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Government\\20 ILCS 1375_5-15.pdf \line \line Most states\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
define critical infrastructure in the context of cybersecurity as systems and assets, whether physical or virtual, that are crucial to the functioning of a region or state. The incapacity or destruction of such systems would have a significant negative im
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
act on security, economic stability, public health, or safety. The definition of critical infrastructure includes various sectors such as chemical, commercial facilities, communications, dams, defense industrial base, emergency services, energy, financial
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 services, food and agriculture, government facilities, healthcare, information technology, nuclear facilities, transportation systems, and water and wastewater systems}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid11362886 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid11362886 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e500000000000000000000000090ac
1915eeddda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}