{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid5053457}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr13\min34}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr13\min34}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages12}{\nofwords4465}{\nofchars25452}{\nofcharsws29858}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot5053457 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5053457 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q20. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid5053457 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Are there any significant differences in the penalties or fines imposed for non-compliance with cybersecurity regulations among states}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid5053457 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid2047944 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid5053457 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid5053457 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line 5. Arizona \line 6. Colorado \line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island \line 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 18. Oregon \line 
19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. South Carolina \line 23. Indiana \line 24. Utah \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. Kansas \line 
28. Arkansas \line 29. Idaho \line 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 40. Alabama \line 
41. North Dakota \line 42. Alas\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 k\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. New Mexico \line 46. Kentucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 50. Illinois 
\line \line New Hampshire: \line According to RSA 420 -P:6 Legislation: \line I. Each licensee shall notify the commissioner within 3 business days of a det\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rmination that a cybersecurity event has occurred. \line IV. The computation of licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s deadlines shall begin on the day after the third-party service provider notifies the licensee of the cybersecurity event or the licensee otherwise has actual knowledge o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 the cybersecurity event, whichever is sooner. \line VI. Any licensee acting as an assuming insurer shall have no other notice obligations relating to a cybersecurity event or other data breach under this section or any other law of this state. \line 
\line References: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420-P_6.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Government\\RSA 21-R_4.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Financial\\RSA 383-C_4-401.pdf \line \line Delaware: \line Summary: \line According to Delawar\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 's 18 Del. C. \'a7\loch\f1 
 8606, a licensee must notify the Commissioner within 3 business days of a cybersecurity event if certain criteria are met. These criteria include harm to consumers or operations, the number of consumers impacted, and the need to notify reg
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 latory bodies. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8606.pdf - Contexts 1-4 \line \line Virginia: \line 
Summary: The response states that the Attorney General in Virginia has the authority to enforce cybersecurity regulations and i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
pose civil penalties up to $150,000 per breach of security or series of similar breaches. Individuals can also seek direct economic damages for violations of cybersecurity regulations. \line \line References: \line \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Virginia\\Criminal\\Va. Cod\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  18.2-186.6.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-625.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-623.pdf \line \line New York: \line \hich\f1 According to NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1  208: \line 1. Penalties f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
r non-compliance with cybersecurity regulations are not specifically outlined in this section. The focus is primarily on defining "private information," determining breaches of security systems, and outlining notification requirements in case of unauthori
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 z\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ed acquisition of private information. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Internet Security and Privacy Act\\_ 208.pdf \line \line Arizona: \line 
According to Massachusetts General Law Ch. 93H, Ch. 93I: \line 1. The penalties for violations may vary based on\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
the violation type and whether the individual or entity had knowingly or willfully violated the legislation. \line 
2. It states that "The office of consumer affairs and business regulations may impose fines under clause (ii) of not more than $5,000 for each vi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
lation of General Law 93H or 93I, with each day a violation continues or a new violation occurs being a separate violation." \line 
3. The statute also mentions the possibility of additional penalties for non-compliance, stating that "a person or agency that in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
entionally or willfully violates this chapter shall be punished by a fine of not more than $5,000 for each violation." \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\
Consumer Protection\\Mass. Gen. Laws\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ch. 93H, ch. 93I.pdf \line \line Colorado: \line According to C.R.S. 2-3-1704: \line 
1) There are no specific details provided regarding penalties or fines imposed for non-compliance with cybersecurity regulations among states in the context of the Joint Technology Committee\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 '\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s powers and duties related to information technology oversight. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Joint Technology Committee\\C.R.S. 2-3-1704.pdf \line \line Georgia: \line \hich\f1 According to O.C.G.A. \'a7\loch\f1 
 38 -3-22.2: \line Paragraph (d) states, "Any reports or rec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rds produced pursuant to this Code section shall not be subject to public inspection or disclosure under Article 4 of Chapter 18 of Title 50." \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\Military\\O.C.G.A. _ 38-3-22.2.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 aw\\Georgia\\State Government\\O.C.G.A. _ 50-18-72.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\State Government\\O.C.G.A. _ 50-14-3.pdf \line \line Vermont: 
\line \hich\f1 According to 8 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4728: \line In the case of a violation of this section, a licensee may be penalized in accorda\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ce with section 3661 or 4726 of this title, as appropriate. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Financial\\\hich\f1 8 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4728.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Cybersecurity\\\hich\f1 
20 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4662.pdf \line \line Wyoming: \line Summary: The response outlin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s cybersecurity regulations in Wyoming regarding notification requirements and breach investigations for individuals or entities owning personal identifying information of Wyoming residents. It includes provisions on conducting prompt investigations, noti
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ying affected residents, and disclosing breaches to the business entity. The reference provided is to Wyoming Statute \'a7\loch\f1  40-12-502. \line \line Reference: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wyoming\\Data Breach Notification\\\hich\f1 Wyo. Stat. -\'ba\loch\f1  40-12-502.pdf \line \line Rhode Island: \line Acc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 rding to R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7
\loch\f1  11-49.3-7: \line \line 1. Any municipal agency or state agency that detects a cybersecurity incident shall provide notification to the Rhode Island state police upon detection of the cybersecurity incident within twenty-four (24) hours. \line 2.
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  Any municipal agency or state agency required to make notification under this section and fails to do so may be liable for a violation as set forth in \'a7\loch\f1  11-49.3-5. \line 
3. The notification shall include, at a minimum, the following information to the extent \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 k\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nown: \line 
(a) A general and brief description of the incident, including how the cybersecurity incident occurred; and \line (b) The date of the cybersecurity incident, estimated date of the cybersecurity incident, or the date range within which the cybersecurity 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ncident occurred. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\Criminal\\\hich\f1 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  11-49.3-7.pdf \line \line Nebraska: \line \hich\f1 
According to R.R.S. Neb. \'a7\loch\f1  87-803: \line 1) An individual or a commercial entity that conducts business in Nebraska and that owns or\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
licenses computerized data that includes personal information about a resident of Nebraska shall, when it becomes aware of a breach of the security of the system, conduct in good faith a reasonable and prompt investigation to determine the likelihood that
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 personal information has been or will be used for an unauthorized purpose. \line 
2) If notice of a breach of security of the system is required, the individual or commercial entity shall also provide notice to the Attorney General. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cy\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ersecurity Law\\Nebraska\\Financial\\\hich\f1 R.R.S. Neb. \'a7\loch\f1  87-803.pdf \line \line Nevada: \line Summary: \line 
The response highlights the importance of protecting information systems for the health, safety, and welfare of the people in Nevada. It mentions the significant implications \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
f technology on critical infrastructure sectors like transportation, healthcare, energy, education, law enforcement, and commercial enterprises. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 
Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.900.pdf \line 2) Current\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.930.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Govrenment\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  236.090.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Property\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  116.310695.pdf \line \line Michigan: \line A
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 cording to MCLS \'a7\loch\f1  500.561: \line 
1. The penalties in Michigan for non-compliance with cybersecurity regulations include fines and possible imprisonment. The fines are outlined as follows: \line - For a first violation, by imprisonment for not more than 93 days or a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 fine of not more than $250.00 for each violation, or both. \line 
- For a second violation, by imprisonment for not more than 93 days or a fine of not more than $500.00 for each violation, or both. \line - For a third or subsequent violation, by imprisonment for not\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 more than 93 days or a fine of not more than $750.00 for each violation, or both. \line 
2. A person may also be ordered to pay a civil fine of not more than $250.00 for each failure to provide notice of a cybersecurity event as required under this section. \line 3.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
The aggregate liability for civil fines for multiple violations arising from the same cybersecurity event must not exceed $750,000.00. \line \line References: \line 1. Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS _ 500.561.pdf \line \line 
Florida: \line \hich\f1 According to Fla. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 82.3185: \line \line 
(No information about penalties or fines imposed for non-compliance with cybersecurity regulations among states is specified in this Florida legislation.) \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Information Technology\\
Fla. Stat. _ 2\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 8\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2.3185.pdf \line \line Missouri: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.29(h): \line 
The penalties or fines imposed for non-compliance with cybersecurity regulations may vary significantly among states. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Cur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ent Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\California Civil Code _ 1798.29.pdf \line \line Wisconsin: \line \hich\f1 According to legislation code Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 601.952, there are no specific details provided regarding penalties or fines imposed for non-compliance with cybersecu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ity regulations among states. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.954.pdf \line \line Tennessee: \line \hich\f1 
According to Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004: \line (1) \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ommensurate with the size and complexity of the licensee and the nature and scope of its activities, including its use of third-party service providers, and the sensitivity of the nonpublic information used by or in the possession, custody, or control of 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
he licensee, each licensee shall develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive, written information security program based on the licensee's risk assessment that contains administrative, technical, and physical safeguards for the protection of the nonp
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 blic information and the licensee's information system. \line \line 
These sections do not specifically mention penalties or fines for non-compliance with cybersecurity regulations, focusing instead on the requirements and guidelines for developing and maintaining i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 formation security programs. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\
Consumer Protection\\47-18-2105. Civil penalties and remedies.pdf \line \line Oregon: \line Summary of the\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 response: \line 
Oregon has established the Oregon Cybersecurity Grant Program Fund, which is separate from the General Fund. The fund consists of donations, appropriations from the Legislative Assembly, and other deposits. Moneys in the fund are appropriated t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 the Higher Education Coordinating Commission for distributing cybersecurity goods and services to Oregon public bodies. The Oregon Cybersecurity Center of Excellence sets standards, objectives, criteria, and eligibility requirements for fund usage. Addit
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 onally, the center submits a biennial report detailing fund balance, deposits, expenditures, and operational details. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\
Information Technology\\\hich\f1 ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.575.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\Informa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ion Technology\\\hich\f1 ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555.pdf \line \line 
Connecticut: \line \hich\f1 According to Conn. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  38a-38: \line 1. The fine for non-compliance with cybersecurity regulations is as follows: \line "Each licensee that is subject to the provisions of this subsection shall maintain rec
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rds concerning each cybersecurity event for a period of at least five years from the date of such cybersecurity event, and shall produce such records to the Insurance Commissioner upon demand by the commissioner." \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\\Connecticut\\Insurance\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 38a-38.pdf \line \line Mississippi: \line 
The response highlights the evaluation criteria set by the Mississippi Department of Information Technology Services for the Enterprise Security Program. It includes factors such as inc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rporating nationwide best practices, centralizing oversight of cybersecurity efforts across state agencies, minimum security requirements in state contracts, and expanding the program's oversight. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law
\\Mississippi\\Go\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ernment\\Miss. Code Ann. _ 25-53-201.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Insurance\\Miss. Code Ann. __83-5-811.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Mississippi\\Insurance\\Miss. Code Ann. __ 83-5-807.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line According to U.S. Senate Bill S.5170\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  - the Cybersecurity State Coordinator Act of 2020: \line 
1. Each state shall be responsible to establish a comprehensive and interdisciplinary cybersecurity plan to improve the overall cybersecurity posture of the state. \line 2. The Cybersecurity Coordinator shal\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  ensure the state is in compliance with all Federal and State cybersecurity laws and regulations. \line 
3. Any fines or penalties related to non-compliance with cybersecurity regulations would likely vary by state but the Bill does not specify exact amounts or\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 differences among states. \line 
\line References: \line 1) U.S. Senate Bill S.5170 - the Cybersecurity State Coordinator Act of 2020. \line \line South Carolina: \line Summary: In South Carolina, insurance licensees are required to develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive writ
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
en information security program to protect nonpublic information and information systems. Responsibilities include assessing risks, implementing safeguards, monitoring, and adjusting the program as needed. Insurers must also establish an incident response
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 plan and annually certify compliance with the regulations. \line \line References: \line Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 38-99-20.pdf \line \line Indiana: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 The response highlights provisions from Burns Ind. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  27-2-27-21 rela\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ed to cybersecurity regulations in Indiana. It outlines requirements for licensees to maintain and produce records of cybersecurity events, notify the commissioner of such events, update information as needed, comply with relevant laws, and share consumer
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 notice copies with the commissioner. It also mentions the possibility of agreements between parties to fulfill investigative or notice obligations. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Insurance\\Burns Ind. Code Ann. _ 27-2-27-21.pdf \line \line Utah:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Summary: \line 
In Utah, penalties for non-compliance with cybersecurity regulations mainly focus on establishing components of a cybersecurity program eligible for an affirmative defense, rather than specific fines for non-compliance. \line \line References: \line 
1) Curren\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Cybersecurity Affirmative Defense Act\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  78B-4-703.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\
Personal Information Protection\\13-44-301.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-16-214.pdf \line 4)\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-16-1102.pdf \line \line West Virginia: \line 
The response outlines the requirements and procedures for state agencies and entities to comply with cybersecurity regulations in West Virginia. It includes under\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
oing cyber risk assessments, adhering to cybersecurity standards, managing cybersecurity policies, submitting reports, and more. For detailed information, please refer to the provided references. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
West Virginia\\Go\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ernment\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-4.pdf \line \line Maryland: \line \hich\f1 Summary: Maryland State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 3.5-406 outlines reporting requirements for State government units regarding cybersecurity preparedness assessments, information systems inventory, \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ybersecurity training, IT budget, initiatives, and compliance with the Department's master plan. It also stipulates reporting procedures for cybersecurity incidents to the State Chief Information Security Officer. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\\Maryland\\Government\\Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.5-406.pdf \line \line Kansas: \line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code K.S.A. \'a7
\loch\f1  75 -7240: \line \line 1. Executive branch agency heads are required to comply with the notification requirements in case of a breach or\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
suspected breach of system security (Section (a)(9)(A)). \line 
2. The heads of state agencies must notify the CISO and the secretary of state within 48 hours of discovering a breach, suspected breach, or unauthorized exposure of election data (Section (a)(9)(B\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 )
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ). \line 3. There is no specific mention of penalties or fines imposed for non-compliance with cybersecurity regulations in this statute. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\
K.S.A. _ 75-7240.pdf \line \line Arkansas: \line I'm sorry, but the provide\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 contexts do not contain information relevant to penalties or fines imposed for non-compliance with cybersecurity regulations among states. If you have any other specific pieces of information or contexts related to this question, please provide them so I
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 can assist you further. \line \line References. \line \line Idaho: \line \hich\f1 According to Minnesota Statutes \'a7\loch\f1  16E.03: \line 
a. The commissioner may assess a civil penalty for each violation of this chapter in an amount not to exceed $10,000. \line b. A person injured by a violation may bring \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 civil action in the district court for injunctive relief and for damages of not less than $100 nor more than $10,000 for each violation. \line c. Any person who knowingly violates this chapter is guilty of a gross misdemeanor. \line 
d. The civil penalty is payable\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 to the state of Minnesota. \line e. Fines or penalties imposed for violations of cybersecurity regulations in Minnesota are specified in the statute. \line 
\line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Information T\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 chnology\\Minn. Stat. _ 16E.03.pdf \line \line North Carolina: 
\line The response provided outlines the responsibilities of the head of each principal department and Council of State agency in cooperating with the State CIO to ensure cybersecurity compliance. This involv\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s providing detailed information on IT requirements, cybersecurity incidents, security measures, future cybersecurity needs, designating an agency liaison, and ensuring mandatory security awareness training. The penalties or fines for non-compliance with 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ybersecurity regulations among states are not specifically addressed in the given response. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\Information Technology\\
\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1379.pdf \line \line Texas: \line In summary, the response provides infor\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ation regarding criminal history record information as outlined in Tex. Gov
\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 \hich\f1 t Code \'a7\loch\f1  411.084. It mentions exceptions for private entities regarding cyber-threat insurance coverage and performance bonds if they meet specified criteria related to cybersecur
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ty standards. The response does not directly address penalties or fines imposed for non-compliance with cybersecurity regulations among states. \line \line \hich\f1 Reference: Tex. Gov't Code 
\'a7\loch\f1  411.084 \line \line California: \line I am sorry, but I require the context related to transpor\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ation cybersecurity legislations to provide an accurate response. \line \line 
Montana: \line Summary: \line The response outlines the penalties and fines for non-compliance with cybersecurity regulations in Montana under Legislation code 30-14-1736, MCA. It states that indiv\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
duals who fail to comply willfully can be liable to affected consumers for actual damages, punitive damages, attorney fees, and costs. Those who obtain credit reports or manipulate security freezes may face penalties as well. Negligence in compliance can 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ead to liability for damages and attorney fees. The court may also award attorney fees to the prevailing party if bad faith filings are made. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Montana\\Identity Theft\\30-14-1736 Violations _ penalties.pdf \line \line Massac\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 usetts: \line \hich\f1 According to ALM GL ch. 93H, \'a7\loch\f1  2: \line 
1. The regulations shall take into account the person\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s size, scope and type of business, the amount of resources available to such person, the amount of stored data, and the need for security and confidentialit
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  of both consumer and employee information. \line 
2. The objectives of the rules or regulations shall be to insure the security and confidentiality of personal information; protect against anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such inf\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rmation; and protect against unauthorized access to or use of such information that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to any resident of the commonwealth. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 93H, _\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2.pdf \line \line Iowa: \line \hich\f1 According to Iowa Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 554G.3, there are no specific details provided regarding the penalties or fines imposed for non-compliance with cybersecurity regulations among states. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Commerce\\Iowa 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ode _ 554G.3.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Insurance\\Iowa Code _ 507F.7.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Insurance\\Iowa Code _ 507F.7.pdf \line 
4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Insurance\\Iowa Code _ 507F.4.pdf \line \line New Jersey: \line Summary: \line The penal\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ies and fines for non-compliance with cybersecurity regulations in New Jersey vary depending on the specific violation. Violations range from crimes of the third degree to crimes of the first degree, with penalties increasing based on factors such as the 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
alue of services or property obtained, the type of data accessed, and the extent of damage caused. A violation can result in fines exceeding $5,000, substantial interruption to public services, or significant bodily injury. \line \line Reference: \line 
1. Current Cybers\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 curity Law\\New Jersey\\Criminal\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  2C_20-25.pdf \line \line Washington: \line 
Summary: The response outlines the primary duties of the Office of Cybersecurity in Washington state, which include establishing security standards and policies, developing cybersecur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ty protocols, detecting and responding to security incidents, ensuring continuity of state business during incidents, providing guidance on cybersecurity practices, collaborating with state agencies, and performing necessary tasks to fulfill the chapter's
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 purposes. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450(2).pdf \line \line Louisiana: \line Summary: The response outlines\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
the cybersecurity regulations as per Legislation code La. R.S. \'a7\loch\f1 
 22:2504, requiring licensees to have a comprehensive information security program based on risk assessment, with various safeguards to protect nonpublic information. It specifies requirement\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 for protection, threat prevention, unauthorized access, and data retention. Non-compliance entails submitting an annual compliance certification to the commissioner, maintaining supporting records, and documenting remediation efforts. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rrent Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Insurance\\La. R.S. _ 22_2504.pdf \line \line Maine: \line \hich\f1 According to 24-A M.R.S. \'a7\loch\f1 
 2264, there are no specific details provided about penalties or fines imposed for non-compliance with cybersecurity regulations among states. The focus\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
of the legislation is primarily on the requirements for information security programs, risk assessments, risk management, oversight by the board of directors, oversight of 3rd-party service provider arrangements, program adjustments, incident response pla
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s, and annual certification to the superintendent. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2266.pdf \line \line Alabama: \line Summary: The response outlines penalties\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
for non-compliance with cybersecurity regulations in Alabama. Violations of notification provisions under the Code of Ala. may result in civil penalties imposed by the Attorney General, with fines not exceeding $500,000 per breach. Additionally, a covered
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 entity failing to comply with notice provisions may face daily civil penalties of up to $5,000. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Alabama\\
Data Breach Notification Act\\Files(12).pdf \line \line North Dakota: \line The response provided outlines specific require\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ents for licensees in North Dakota related to cybersecurity events, notification obligations, and compliance with consumer notification information. The references mentioned include links to the relevant sections of the N.D. Cent. Code for further details
.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-05.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 
N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-03.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Government\\N.D. Cen\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 . Code, \'a7\loch\f1  54-59-05.pdf \line \line Alaska: \line 
According to the Louisiana R.S. 51:3074.1: \line There are variations in the penalties and fines imposed for non-compliance with cybersecurity regulations among various states. In some states, penalties can range from $100 to 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 $\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 500 for each violation, while in other states, penalties can be as high as $25,000 per violation. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Louisiana R.S. 51.pdf \line \line Ohio: \line Summary: \line ORC Ann. 1349.34 in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Ohio outlines penalties for non-compliance with cybersecurity regulations. A fine of up to $2,500 per compliance failure can be imposed, increasing to $5,000 for repeated failures. For individuals aged 65 or older, fines may be doubled. If the non-complia
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t party is licensed by the superintendent, the superintendent can suspend, revoke, or deny renewal of their license. \line \line References: \line C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\
RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Data Breach Notification\\_ 1349.34 Examination of\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
records; investigations; remedies for violations; federally chartered financial institutions or operating subsidiaries.pdf \line \line Pennsylvania: \line \hich\f1 According to 40 Pa.C.S. \'a7\loch\f1  4518: \line \line 
1. There are no explicit details provided in the context regarding the penalties \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r fines imposed for non-compliance with cybersecurity regulations among states. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1  4518.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1  4513.pdf \line \line New Mexico: \line According to N.
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  9-27A-3: \line 1. The penalties or fines imposed for non-compliance with cybersecurity regulations are not explicitly mentioned in this section of the legislation. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Information Technology\\N.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 M\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 . Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  9-27A-3.pdf \line \line Kentucky: \line \hich\f1 
According to Legislation code KRS \'a7\loch\f1  304.3 -760: \line \line 1. There are no specific details provided regarding penalties or fines imposed for non-compliance with cybersecurity regulations among states in the context provided.
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Insurance\\KRS _ 304.3-760.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Insurance\\KRS _ 304.3-756.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky
\\Finance\\KRS _ 292.336.pdf \line \line Hawaii: \line Summary: The response indi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
ates that the penalties or fines for non-compliance with cybersecurity regulations are not explicitly mentioned in the provided context of HRS \'a7\loch\f1  431:3B -203 legislation code. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\
Insruance Data Security Law\\H\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 R\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S _ 431_3B-203.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Communications\\HRS _ 128B-1.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\
Insruance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-302.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Insruance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-302.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line \hich\f1 According to legislation code Minn. Stat. 
\'a7\loch\f1  60A.9853: \line \line 1. There are no specific details provided regarding penalties or fines for non-compliance with cybersecurity regulations in the given contexts. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecuri
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y Law\\Minnesota\\Insurance\\Minn. Stat. _ 60A.9853.pdf \line \line South Dakota: \line \hich\f1 According to S.D. Codified Laws \'a7\loch\f1  1-27-1.5: \line 
1. Records exempt from disclosure - Personal data. \line (8) Information pertaining to the protection of public or private property and any perso\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 on or within public or private property including: \line (d) Cybersecurity plans, computer or communications network schema, passwords, or user identification names. \line \line References: \line 1. Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Dakota\\Government\\
\hich\f1 S.D. Codified Laws \'a7\loch\f1  1-27-\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1.5.pdf \line \line Illinois: \line 
Summary: The response provides information on the requirement for licensees to report cybersecurity events promptly to the Director in Illinois, specifying criteria for notification based on the state of domicile or home state of the 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 icensee and the impact on consumers or operations. The response references relevant sections of the Illinois Insurance Code for detailed information. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_20.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ty Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_10.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois
\\Government\\20 ILCS 1375_5-30.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_15.pdf \line \line There are variations in the penalties and fines imposed for non-co\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
pliance with cybersecurity regulations among various states. In some states, penalties can range from $100 to $500 for each violation, while in other states, penalties can be as high as $25,000 per violation}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid5053457 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5053457 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000e0f4
b620f8ddda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}