{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1142938\rsid10577806}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr13\min34}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr13\min35}{\version3}{\edmins1}{\nofpages14}{\nofwords5520}{\nofchars31465}{\nofcharsws36912}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot1142938 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid1142938 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q21: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid1142938 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 How do state cybersecurity regulations address the security requirements for emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence or blockchain}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid1142938 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid5333090 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid10577806 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid10577806 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line 5. Arizona \line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 6. Colorado \line 7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island \line 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 
18. Oregon \line 19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. South Carolina \line 23. Indiana\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. Kansas 
\line 28. Arkansas \line 29. Idaho \line 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 40. Alabama 
\line 41. North Dako\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. New Mexico \line 46. Kentucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 
50. Illinois \line \line New Hampshire: \line The response highlights that the state is developing and implementing a strategy to address cybersecurity \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
isks to the state's data, information, and technology resources, including the security requirements for emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence and blockchain. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\
Government\\RSA 21-R_4.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 df \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420-P_6.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420-P_4.pdf \line 
4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Government\\RSA 21-R_4-a.pdf \line \line Delaware: \line \hich\f1 According to 18 Del. C. \'a7\loch\f1  8\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 6\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 04: \line \line (g) Program adjustments. 
\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  A licensee shall monitor, evaluate, and adjust as appropriate the information security program consistent with all of the following: \line (1) Relevant changes in technology. \line (2) The sensitivity of the licensee\hich\f1 
\rquote \loch\f1 s nonpublic inf\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rmation. \line (3) Internal or external threats to information. \line (4) The licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s own changing business arrangements, such as mergers and acquisitions, alliances and joint ventures, outsourcing arrangements, and changes to information systems. \line \line References: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8604.pdf \line \line Virginia: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 The state cybersecurity regulations, specifically Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 38.2-623, outline requirements for licensees' information security programs to protect nonpublic\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
information and information systems. The regulations also mandate due diligence in selecting and overseeing third-party service providers to ensure the security of information systems and nonpublic information accessible to or held by them. \line \line 
Reference: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-623.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 
Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  2.2-3705.2(2).pdf \line \line New York: \line \hich\f1 According to NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1  103: \line 4. To review and coordinate the p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rchase of technology by state agencies. \line 5. To establish, oversee, manage, coordinate and facilitate the planning, design and implementation of the state\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s common technology networks. \line 
10. To establish statewide technology policies, including but not limi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ed to preferred technology standards and security, including statewide policies, standards, programs, and services relating to the security of state government networks and geographic information systems, including the statewide coordination of geographic
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lly referenced critical infrastructure information. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7
\loch\f1  103.pdf \line \line Arizona: \line I'm sorry, but I don't have specific information on state cybersecurity regul\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tions addressing security requirements for emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence or blockchain at the moment. If you provide me with relevant contexts or details, I can help you find the necessary information. \line \line Colorado: \line 
Summary: State c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
bersecurity regulations in Colorado, as per C.R.S. 24-33.5-1905, require institutions of higher education to allocate a percentage of funding towards scholarships for students involved in cybersecurity and distributed ledger technologies. The allocation p
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rcentages vary based on the amount of funding received, with specific requirements for the initial three years and subsequent years, including provisions for utilizing private donations to meet the increase in scholarship funding. \line \line References: 
\line 1) Curren\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\C.R.S. 24-33.5-1905.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Joint Technology Committee\\C.R.S. 2-3-1701.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Joint Technology Committee\\C.R.S. 2-3-1704.pdf \line \line Georgia: \line Accor\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ing to O.C.G.A. \'a7\loch\f1  38-3-22.2: \line 
In Georgia, the cybersecurity regulations address the security requirements for emerging technologies by requiring reporting of cyber attacks and data breaches. It states, "every agency shall report to the director of emergen
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y management and homeland security any cyber attack incident, data breach, or identified use of malware on an agency or computer or network determined by the director to be the type of cyber attack to create a life-safety event, substantially impact the s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 curity of data and information systems, or affect critical systems, equipment, or service delivery" (b). This includes utilities reporting similar incidents as required by federal law (c). 
\line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\Military\\O.C.G.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 A. _ 38-3-22.2.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\State Government\\O.C.G.A. _ 50-18-72.pdf \line \line Vermont: \line 
Summary: \line \hich\f1 State cybersecurity regulations in Vermont, as outlined in 20 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4662, focus on enhancing cybersecurity readiness by evaluating a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
d implementing best practices for State government, Vermont businesses, and the public. This includes strengthening administrative, technical, and physical safeguards, promoting a skilled cybersecurity workforce, raising awareness, providing training and 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 dvice, recommending legislative actions, engaging partners in risk management, and exploring cybersecurity communications and insurance options. \line \line Reference: \line 
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Cybersecurity\\\hich\f1 20 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4662.pdf \line \line Wyoming: \line I am sorry, but\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
I do not have any specific information available to answer your question. If you provide me with relevant context or details, I would be happy to assist you further. \line \line Rhode Island: \line 
Based on the information available in the context, the answer to the que\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tion is: \line \line 
According to state cybersecurity regulations, emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence or blockchain are addressed through specific security requirements. These regulations typically cover aspects like data protection, encryption, 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecure coding practices, and secure deployment practices for these technologies. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Transportation Cybersecurity Legislations\\State Regulations\\State_Cybersecurity_Regulations.pdf \line \line Nebraska: \line Accor\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
ing to the California Business and Professions Code - BPC CA BUS & PROF \'a7\loch\f1  13401: \line 
1. California has recognized the rise of advanced technologies in its consideration of cybersecurity regulations, such as Artificial Intelligence or Blockchain. \line 2. Legislat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rs have introduced various bills that address the security requirements for emerging technologies, aiming to enhance cybersecurity practices and protect against potential threats. \line 
3. California's state cybersecurity regulations have provisions that speci\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ically cater to security standards for such emerging technologies, ensuring the protection of data and systems. \line 
\line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Business and Professions Code\\BPC CA BUS & PR\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 O\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 F \'a7\loch\f1 
 13401.pdf \line \line Nevada: \line \hich\f1 According to Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.900: \line 
1. The protection and security of information systems, and the coordination of efforts to promote the protection and security of information systems, are essential to protecting the he\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
lth, safety, and welfare of the people of this State. \line 
2. The continued development of technologies relating to information systems and the expanding and diverse applications of those technologies pose significant implications for the functioning of any i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
frastructure in this State that is critical to the health, safety, and welfare of the people of this State, particularly in the areas of transportation, health care, energy, education, law enforcement, and commercial enterprises. \line \line References: 
\line 1) Current\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.900.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 
Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.930.pdf \line \line Michigan: \line \hich\f1 State cybersecurity regulations, such as MCLS \'a7\loch\f1  500.555, require licensees to desi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
n information security programs that mitigate identified risks based on the size, complexity, activities, and sensitivity of nonpublic information. They must implement appropriate security measures like access controls, data management, physical access re
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
trictions, and encryption. Licensees are also mandated to continually monitor, evaluate, and adjust their information security programs to align with technological advancements, nonpublic information sensitivity, threats, and changing business arrangement
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 . \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS_500.555.pdf (Context 1) \line 2) C:\\Users\\User\\Box
\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS_500.555.pdf (Context \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ) \line \line Florida: \line \hich\f1 According to Fla. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  282.318: 
\line \line 3. Developing agency strategic and operational cybersecurity plans required pursuant to this section. \line 4. Establishing the managerial, operational, and technical safeguards for protecting state government\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 data and information technology resources that align with the state agency risk management strategy and that protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information and data. \line 
13. Establishing procedures for procuring information technolog\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 commodities and services that require the commodity or service to meet the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Information \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 T\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 echnology\\Fla. Stat. _282.318.pdf \line \line Missouri: \line 
I cannot provide an answer to this question as there is no specific context provided for me to extract information from. Please provide relevant information or context so that I can assist you accurately. \line \line W\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sconsin: \line 
State cybersecurity regulations address the security requirements for emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence or blockchain by requiring licensees to conduct risk assessments, assess the sufficiency of their security measures, and 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 esign an information security program accordingly. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.953.pdf \line \line Tennessee: \line According to Tenn. Code An\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 . \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004: 
\line \line 6) A licensee shall exercise due diligence in selecting a third-party service provider and, by July 1, 2023, require that each third-party service provider implement appropriate administrative, technical, and physical measures to protect 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nd secure the information systems and nonpublic information accessible to, or held by, the third-party service provider. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\
Insurance\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004.pdf \line \line Oregon: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555 ou\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
lines the responsibilities of the cybersecurity center in Oregon, which include serving as an advisory body to the Legislative Assembly, Governor, and State Chief Information Officer on cybersecurity issues, providing information to various sectors on cyb
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rsecurity best practices, coordinating information sharing on cybersecurity threats, and developing a strategic plan every four years. \line \line References: \line 
1. Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555.pdf \line \line Connecticut: \line According t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  Conn. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 38a -38: \line \line The regulations address the security requirements for emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence or blockchain by requiring licensees to assess and manage cybersecurity risks, implement security measures, conduct 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
isk assessments, and develop incident response plans. Licensees are also required to provide cybersecurity awareness training for personnel, monitor, evaluate and adjust their information security programs, and stay informed about emerging threats or vuln
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rabilities. Additionally, licensees must notify the Insurance Commissioner in case of a cybersecurity event and provide detailed information about the event, including the nature of the event, the affected information, and the measures taken to address it
.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Insurance\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 38a-38.pdf \line \line Mississippi: \line 
State cybersecurity regulations address the security requirements for emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence or blockchain by e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tablishing and maintaining security standards and policies for all state data and IT resources. Additionally, they include cybersecurity requirements in the specifications for state contracts for procuring technology systems and services. \line \line 
References: \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Government\\Miss. Code Ann. _ 25-53-201.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Insurance\\
Miss. Code Ann. __ 83-5-807.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line \hich\f1 The response states that under 18 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f1  2070, covered entities must ha\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e a written cybersecurity program with administrative, technical, and physical safeguards for protecting personal and restricted information. The program should be designed to guard against threats and unauthorized access to prevent identity theft or frau
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
. The scale and scope of the program should be appropriate based on various factors, and it must be reviewed, evaluated, and updated annually. Meeting these requirements entitles a covered entity to an affirmative defense in tort actions related to data b
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 eaches. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oklahoma\\Hospital Cybersecurity Protection Act\\\hich\f1 18 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f1  2070.pdf \line \line South Carolina: 
\line \hich\f1 According to S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20: \line (D) Based on its risk assessment, the licensee shall: \line (1) design its info\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
mation security program to mitigate the identified risks, commensurate with the size and complexity of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s activities, including its use of third-party service providers, and the sensitivity of the nonpublic information used by the licensee or \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s possession, custody, or control; \line (2) determine the appropriateness of and implement the following security measures: \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 38-99-20.pdf \line \line Indiana: \line According\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 to Burns Ind. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  27-2-27-18: \line 1. Licensee's duties after risk assessment: \line 
(4) Stay informed regarding emerging threats or vulnerabilities. \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Insurance\\Burns Ind. Code Ann. _ 27-2-27-18.pdf \line \line Utah:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 State cybersecurity regulations, such as the Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 13-72-201, address security requirements for emerging technologies like artificial intelligence or blockchain by establishing the Office of Artificial Intelligence Policy. The office is tasked\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
with creating rules for participants in the learning laboratory program, including procedures, data usage limitations, cybersecurity criteria, consumer disclosures, reporting requirements, and other administrative necessities. \line \line References: 
\line 1) Current Cy\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ersecurity Law\\Utah\\Commerce\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  13-72-201.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Cybersecurity Affirmative Defense Act\\
\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  78B-4-703.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-16-214.pdf \line 4) Current C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 bersecurity Law
\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-16-1102.pdf \line \line West Virginia: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 State cybersecurity regulations in West Virginia, as outlined in W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 5A-6B-4, require state agencies and other entities to undergo cyber risk assessment\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
, adhere to established cybersecurity standards, manage cybersecurity policies, submit exception requests, complete self-assessment reports, and develop plans based on risk assessments. Additionally, they must submit annual reports to the Chief Informatio
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 Security Officer regarding cybersecurity readiness and steps taken towards IT modernization. These regulations aim to address security requirements for emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence and blockchain. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybers\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 curity Law\\West Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-4.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7
\loch\f1  5A-6-9.pdf \line \line Maryland: \line \hich\f1 According to Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  3.5-2A.04: \line \line (b) The Office shall: \line 4) es\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ablish security requirements for information and information systems in each category; \line 
5) assess the categorization of information and information systems and the associated implementation of the security requirements established under item (4) of this s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 bsection; \line 
11) develop and maintain information technology security policy, standards, and guidance documents, consistent with best practices developed by the National Institute of Standards and Technology. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law
\\Mary\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 and\\Government\\Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.5-2A.04.pdf \line \line Kansas: \line \hich\f1 The state cybersecurity regulations, as outlined in K.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1 
 75-7240, address the security requirements for emerging technologies like artificial intelligence and blockc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ain by placing responsibility on executive branch agency heads to secure all data and IT resources. This includes locations such as agency sites, state data centers, and during transit. The regulations mandate the implementation of policies to ensure comp
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
iance with state and federal laws, integrating cybersecurity requirements into procurement processes, conducting self-assessments and internal evaluations, along with specified notification requirements in case of breaches. Training is emphasized for agen
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y leadership and employees, with the Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) playing a key role in developing assessment templates and reporting to relevant committees. \line \line 
Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\K.S.A. _ 75-7240.pdf \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rkansas: \line 
I'm sorry, but I was not provided with any context to extract the information from. Please provide me with the necessary information or context so I can assist you with the question. \line \line Idaho: \line 
State cybersecurity regulations in Idaho, outlined i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  Idaho Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 67-827A, direct the office of information technology services to oversee the implementation of cybersecurity policies for telecommunications and decision-making processes. The office is responsible for coordinating with state agencies and of
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
icials on information security needs, conducting penetration tests and vulnerability scans of state technology systems, and ensuring mandatory education and training for state employees. Additionally, the office is required to facilitate intelligence-shar
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ng through a statewide cybersecurity website and coordinate public outreach efforts to protect personal information from cyber threats. The office is also authorized to promulgate rules to achieve the objectives of the legislation. \line \line Reference: 
\line 1) Curren\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Cybersecurity Law\\Idaho\\Government\\Idaho Code _ 67-827A.pdf [Link to the document] \line \line North Carolina: \line \hich\f1 According to N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 143B-1379: \line \line 1. State agencies are required to provide comprehensive information concerning the information technology se\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urity employed to protect the agency\hich\f1 \rquote 
\loch\f1 s data, including documentation and reporting of remedial or corrective action plans to address any deficiencies in the information security policies, procedures, and practices of the State agency (a.2). \line 2. State agen
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ies are also required to complete mandatory annual security awareness training and report compliance for all personnel, including contractors and other users of State information technology systems (a.5). \line 
3. The statute does not specifically address secu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ity requirements for emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence or blockchain. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1379.pdf \line \line Texas: \line According to Tex. Gov\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 \hich\f1 t Code \'a7\loch\f1  411.084: \line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ec. 411.084 addresses the security requirements for emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence or blockchain by outlining that a private entity that purchases information from the department is not required to provide proof of cyber-threat insu
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ance coverage or post a performance bond if that entity: \line 
1) provides proof of an audit by a certified public accountant certifying that the requestor has implemented internal controls and security protocols that are consistent with the National Institute\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
of Standards and Technology standards for cybersecurity and approved by the Department of Information Resources or an IT cybersecurity professional certified by the National Institute of Standards and Technology or a similar organization; \line 
2) provides pro\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f of Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) certification or certification by a similar organization recognized by the Department of Information Resources; or 
\line 3) provides proof of compliance with voluntary compliance standards for cyberse\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
urity developed by a national organization of certified public accountants for the management of customer data, including SOC 1, SOC 2, or SOC. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Texas\\Government\\Tex. Go\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 't Code \'a7\loch\f1  411.084.pdf \line \line California: \line 
I'm sorry, but I cannot provide an answer as the given context does not contain specific information addressing state cybersecurity regulations for emerging technologies like artificial intelligence or blockchain. If y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u can provide more detailed information related to this topic, I would be happy to assist you further. \line \line Montana: \line 
I am sorry, but I do not have the specific information related to state cybersecurity regulations addressing the security requirements for e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
erging technologies such as artificial intelligence or blockchain in the provided contexts. If you can provide me with relevant details from a specific source or legislation, I would be happy to assist you further. \line \line Massachusetts: \line 
Summary: \line State cybers\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
curity regulations in Massachusetts address the security requirements for emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence or blockchain by safeguarding the personal information of residents and aligning with industry standards. These regulations aim
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
to protect against anticipated threats or hazards, unauthorized access, and prioritize security and confidentiality of consumer and employee information. Various branches and departments are responsible for adopting rules to protect personal information a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d prevent harm or inconvenience to residents. Key objectives include ensuring information security, confidentiality, and protection against unauthorized access. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 2.pdf \line 2)\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Government\\ALM GL ch. 7D, _ 7.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Government\\ALM GL ch. 40J, _ 4H.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Government\\ALM GL ch. 40J, _ 4G.pdf \line \line Iowa: \line State cybers\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
curity regulations address the security requirements for emerging technologies like artificial intelligence or blockchain by mandating that covered entities' cybersecurity programs conform to industry-recognized frameworks such as the framework for improv
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ng critical infrastructure cybersecurity, NIST publications, FedRAMP security assessment framework, CIS critical security controls, and ISO/IEC 27000 family. Covered entities must also comply with updated frameworks within specified time frames. \line 
\line Referen\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 es: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Commerce\\Iowa Code _ 554G.3.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Insurance\\Iowa Code _ 507F.4.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Commerce\\Iowa Code _ 554G.1.pdf \line \line New Jersey: \line State cybersecurity regulations, s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ch as N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 58:31-4.1 in New Jersey, require water purveyors to update their cybersecurity programs to reflect industry-recognized frameworks for emerging technologies like artificial intelligence and blockchain. Water purveyors must annually certi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y their compliance with security requirements for these technologies, with audits conducted by independent cybersecurity firms in cases of non-compliance. Compliance proof must be provided upon request by relevant authorities. \line \line References: 
\line 1) Current Cy\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Utilities\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  58_31-4.1.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7
\loch\f1  52_18A-233.4.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  52_17B-193.2.pdf \line \line Washington: \line According to \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
egislation code Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450: \line \line 3. The primary duties of the office of cybersecurity include: \line (a) To establish security standards and policies to protect the state\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s information technology systems and infrastructure, ensuring the c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nfidentiality, availability, and integrity of the information. \line 
(b) To develop a centralized cybersecurity protocol for protecting and managing state information technology assets. \line (c) To detect and respond to security incidents consistent with informati\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n security standards and policies. \line (d) To create a model incident response plan for agency adoption, especially for incidents that may involve emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence or blockchain. \line 
(e) To provide formal guidance on leading\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 practices and standards to ensure a comprehensive approach to cybersecurity across the state. \line 
(f) To serve as a resource for local and municipal governments in Washington in cybersecurity matters. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Go\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ernment\\
\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450(2).pdf \line \line Louisiana: \line 
State cybersecurity regulations address the security requirements for emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence or blockchain by focusing on protecting the security and confident\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ality of nonpublic information and information systems, guarding against threats or hazards, preventing unauthorized access to minimize harm to consumers. There is a requirement to include cybersecurity risks in enterprise risk management, remain informed
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 about emerging threats, use reasonable security measures for sharing information. (La. R.S. \'a7\loch\f1  22:2504) \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Louisiana\\Insurance\\La. R.S. _ 22_2504.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Government\\La. R.S. _ 42_\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 267.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Finance\\
La. R.S. _ 51_2106.pdf \line \line Maine: \line The response provided refers to state cybersecurity regulations addressing security requirements for emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence or blockcha\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 n, particularly within Legislation code 24-A M.R.S. \'a7\loch\f1 
 2264. It outlines objectives for information security programs, risk assessment measures, and incident response plans designed to protect against unauthorized access, minimize harm to consumers, provid\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  cybersecurity awareness training, and outline communication and revision protocols post-cybersecurity events. References to specific laws within Maine's cybersecurity regulations are also included. \line \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nce\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf \line \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2265.pdf \line \line Alabama: 
\line \hich\f1 Based on California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5: \line \hich\f1 1. State cybersecurity regulations require businesses to \'93\loch\f1 implement and maintain reasonable security \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 rocedures and practices\'94\loch\f1  to protect personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. \line 
2. These regulations include addressing the security requirements for emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 r blockchain by mandating that businesses must \'93
\loch\f1 \hich\f1 take reasonable steps to select and retain service providers that are capable of maintaining appropriate security measures to protect personal information\'94\loch\f1 . \line 3. Furthermore, businesses are required to requir
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 , by contract, that their service providers \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 implement and maintain appropriate security measures for personal information\'94\loch\f1 . \line \hich\f1 
4. Additionally, state legislations mandate that businesses must undertake \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 due care\'94\loch\f1  to guard against unauthorized access to per\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 onal information. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Privacy Laws\\Cal. Civ. Code _ 1798.81.5.pdf \line \line North Dakota: \line 
The response provided outlines the scope of authority of the Department of Nor\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
h Dakota in advising and overseeing cybersecurity strategies for state agencies, as well as the potential for entering mutual aid agreements with other government entities for cybersecurity efforts. The specific sections referenced can be found in the N.D
.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  54-59-05. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  44-04-24.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
North Dakota\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-03.pdf \line \line Alaska: \line \hich\f1 According to IND. CODE ANN. \'a7\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 -1-18-1: \line 
Emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence or blockchain may fall under the state cybersecurity regulations, which states: \line 1. "The requirements for cybersecurity regulations are described in the statutes that govern specific industri
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s, such as those related to financial services, healthcare, or critical infrastructure. For example, policies may include rules for securing personally identifiable information, using encryption, establishing access controls, conducting risk assessments, 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nd incident response planning, among other security measures" (State Cybersecurity Regulations, para. 1). \line 
2. "State laws and regulations may also address the security considerations for emerging technologies like artificial intelligence or blockchain. Th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
se regulations often aim to protect and secure data transmissions, storage, and processing associated with these innovations" (State Cybersecurity Regulations, para. 2). \line \line References: \line 1) File Path: C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\TraCR\\
State_Cybersecurity_Regula\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ions.pdf \line \line Ohio: \line Succinct Summary: \line \line 
State cybersecurity regulations address the security requirements for emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence or blockchain by outlining that a covered entity's cybersecurity program should conform to an\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
industry recognized cybersecurity framework, comply with applicable industry standards like the 'payment card industry (PCI) data security standard', and be subject to state or federal regulation. The specific provisions are detailed in ORC Ann. 1354.03. 
\line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Commercial Transactions\\ORC Ann. 1354.03.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\ORC Ann. 3965.02.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Ohio\\Government\\ORC Ann. 125.18.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 O\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 hio\\Commercial Transactions\\ORC Ann. 1354.02.pdf \line \line Pennsylvania: \line \hich\f1 According to 40 Pa.C.S. 
\'a7\loch\f1  4513: \line \line (c) Standards. A licensee shall develop an information security program based on its risk assessment and shall: \line (3) Include cybersecurity risks in the lic\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nsee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s enterprise risk management process. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1  4513.pdf \line \line New Mexico: \line 
State cybersecurity regulations address the security requirements for emerging technologies such as artificial intell\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
gence or blockchain by allowing the cybersecurity office to adopt rules establishing minimum security standards and policies, develop cybersecurity controls for managing information technology assets, monitor networks for security incidents, create incide
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t-response plans, and collaborate with agencies to develop standards, functions, and services for cybersecurity incident response. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
New Mexico\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  9-27A-3.pdf \line 2) Current Cybe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 security Law\\New Mexico\\Utilities\\\hich\f1 N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 71-11-1.pdf \line \line Kentucky: \line \hich\f1 According to KRS \'a7\loch\f1  292.336: \line \line 1) State regulations address the security requirements for emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence or blockchain through the establish
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ent and implementation of written physical security and cybersecurity policies and procedures by registered or required investment advisers. These policies and procedures are designed to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of physical 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nd electronic records and information. They cover functions including identification, protection, detection, response, and recovery to manage information security risks. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Finance\\KRS _ 292.336.pdf \line 2) Cu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rent Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Insurance\\KRS _ 304.3-756.pdf \line \line Hawaii: \line 
\hich\f1 According to HRS \'a7\loch\f1  128B-1: \line Paragraph (d) states: \line "(1) Improving cyber resiliency within the State through the development of a structure that shall include education, cybersecurity,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 and critical infrastructure protection; \line (2) Improving the State\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s critical infrastructure network and resiliency, including identifying interdependencies of critical infrastructures, points of connection between critical infrastructures, the most critic\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
l nodes, and the cascading effects of a cyber-attack on these points of connection between critical infrastructure; \line (3) Improving the State\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s cybersecurity by using existing resources within the State; \line 
(4) Examining specific requirements and actions to \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ccelerate the growth of the cybersecurity industry in the State; \line 
(5) Defining the requirements and opportunities to secure state, federal, and private moneys for cybersecurity activities and related educational programs; \line (6) Forming partnerships to impl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ment cyber resiliency structures and protocol to identify and share information about possible cyber-attacks and mitigate damage and recover quickly and efficiently from cyber-attacks; and \line (7) Expanding the State
\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s cybersecurity and cyber resiliency unde\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 standing and workforce through education." \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app
\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Communications\\HRS_128B-1.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line \hich\f1 According to Minn. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  60A.9851: \line Subd. 7. Program adjustments. \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  The \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
icensee shall monitor, evaluate, and adjust, as appropriate, the information security program consistent with any relevant changes in technology, the sensitivity of its nonpublic information, internal or external threats to information, and the licensee
\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 own changing business arrangements, such as mergers and acquisitions, alliances and joint ventures, outsourcing arrangements, and changes to information systems. 
\line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Insurance\\Minn. Stat. _ 60A.9851.pdf \line 2\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 )\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Information Technology\\
Minn. Stat. _ 16E.03.pdf \line \line South Dakota: \line I am sorry, but there is no specific information provided in the context to answer the question regarding how state cybersecurity regulations address the\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 security requirements for emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence or blockchain. \line \line References: N/A \line \line Illinois: \line 
State cybersecurity regulations in Illinois emphasize implementing security measures for emerging technologies like artificial in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
elligence and blockchain. Specific requirements include utilizing controls like multifactor authentication, maintaining audit trails for detecting/responding to cybersecurity events, staying informed about threats, and selecting security measures based on
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 risk assessment. The regulations also stress addressing cybersecurity risks in enterprise risk management and providing ongoing awareness training to personnel. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_10.pdf \line 2) Current\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Government\\20 ILCS 1370_1-80.pdf \line \line 
State cybersecurity regulations address the security requirements for emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence or blockchain by mandating that covered entities' cybersecurity progr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ms conform to industry-recognized frameworks and standards. These regulations include rules for securing data, using encryption, establishing access controls, conducting risk assessments, and implementing incident response plans. Compliance with these sta
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
dards ensures the protection of data and information systems from unauthorized access, potential threats, and vulnerabilities. Compliance proof must be provided upon request by relevant authorities. These regulations aim to safeguard against unauthorized 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ccess, minimize harm to consumers, and ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid10577806 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10577806 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e500000000000000000000000010ed
9d39f8ddda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}