{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid4617425}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min20}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min21}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages13}{\nofwords5072}{\nofchars28914}{\nofcharsws33919}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot4617425 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4617425 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q24. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid4617425 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Are there any regional patterns or clusters of states with similar cybersecurity regulatory frameworks or approaches}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid4617425 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid10254911 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid4617425 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid4617425 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line 5. Arizona \line 6. Colorado \line 
7. Georgia \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island \line 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 18. Oregon \line 
19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. South Carolina \line 23. Indiana \line 24. Utah \line 25. West Virg\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. Kansas \line 
28. Arkansas \line 29. Idaho \line 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 40. Alabama \line 
41. North Dakota \line 42. Ohio \line 43. Pennsyl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ania \line 44. New Mexico \line 45. Kentucky \line 46. Minnesota \line 47. South Dakota \line 48. Illinois \line \line New Hampshire: \line 
\hich\f1 According to Okla. Stat. tit. 74, \'a7\loch\f1  85.1: \line There are no specific regional patterns or clusters of states with a similar cybersecurity regulatory framework \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
r approaches. \line \line References: \line 1) \\TraCR\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\Legislations\\Oklahoma\\\hich\f1 Okla. Stat. tit. 74, \'a7\loch\f1  85.1.pdf \line \line Delaware: \line \hich\f1 
The response provided outlines the cybersecurity regulatory framework for licensees under 18 Del. C. \'a7\loch\f1  8604 in Delaware.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
It requires licensees to develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive information security program based on risk assessment and containing administrative, technical, and physical safeguards. The program should be proportionate to the licensee's size a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d complexity, include designated personnel for oversight, identify threats, and design mitigation strategies. Additionally, an incident response plan for cybersecurity events is mandated. 
\line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 D\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l. C. _ 8604.pdf \line \line Virginia: \line 
The response outlines the cybersecurity regulatory requirements for licensees in Virginia, including the development, implementation, and maintenance of a comprehensive written information security program. The program should
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
include safeguards for the protection of nonpublic information and the information system, measures to protect against threats and unauthorized access, and procedures for secure disposal of information. Additionally, it specifies the responsibilities of d
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 signated employees or vendors, requirements for board oversight, and annual certification of compliance by insurers. These regulations are detailed in Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 38.2-623. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 38.2-623.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Government\\
\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  2.2-3705.2.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  2.2-3705.2(2).pdf \line \line New York: \line \hich\f1 According to NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7
\loch\f1  103: \line 1. Each state e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tablishes its regulations and laws regarding the cybersecurity infrastructure and practices within its own jurisdiction. \line 
2. These laws may vary in terms of specific requirements and enforcement mechanisms. \line 3. States like New York have comprehensive laws\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
outlining the functions, powers, and duties of the state's technology office in ensuring cybersecurity. \line 4. The specific details and focus areas of cybersecurity legislation can differ from state to state. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rk\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1  103.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Government\\\hich\f1 
NY CLS Exec \'a7\loch\f1  709.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1  209.pdf \line \line Arizona: \line I'm sor\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y, but I couldn't find any context provided in your query. Please provide the necessary information for me to assist you further. \line \line Colorado: \line Summary: \line 
The response provided details about Colorado cybersecurity legislation, specifically highlighting the \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
artnership between the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs and a nonprofit organization to establish a secure environment for research and development in cybersecurity. It also mentions actions such as creating secure facilities, collaborations wit
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 other institutions, and supporting law enforcement agencies. Financial allocations for cybersecurity activities, including scholarships for students, are also outlined, along with the requirement for annual reports to track progress. \line \line 
References: \line 1. Cu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rent Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\C.R.S. 24-33.5-1903.pdf \line 2. Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\C.R.S. 24-33.5-1904.pdf \line 
3. Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Joint Technology Committee\\C.R.S. 2-3-1704.pdf \line \line Georgia: \line According \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 o Texas Transp. Code \'a7\loch\f1  551.351: \line 
1. Cybersecurity standards in existing state transportation cybersecurity legislation reviewed in this article are presented to be: \line \line - relatively nascent, \line - generally focused on cybersecurity governance, \line - not prescript
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ve in nature, \line - provide flexibility for agencies to develop cybersecurity programs suitable to their size and resources, \line 
- may include specific requirements for incident response planning. \line \line 2. Cluster analysis of state transportation cybersecurity legi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
lation reveals two distinct groups of states with relatively similar regulatory frameworks or approaches: \line 
- States that have passed legislation specifically addressing transportation cybersecurity. The legislation typically centers around DOT-operated IT\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 and RWE systems with a focus on incident response and recovery. \line 
- States where transportation cybersecurity is regulated implicitly through broader cybersecurity legislation. This legislation often emphasizes information security program requirements an\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 incident response planning in a more general context. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Transportation\\Tex. Transp. Code _ 551.351.pdf \line \line Vermont: \line 
Regional patterns or clusters of states with sim\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
lar cybersecurity regulatory frameworks or approaches were not explicitly mentioned in the provided response. The response mainly focused on the responsibilities of the Cybersecurity Advisory Council in Vermont, including developing a strategic plan for c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
bersecurity protection, evaluating readiness, sharing best practices, building relationships with various entities, and advising on workforce development, legislative actions, risk management, and cyber-insurance. The response did not directly address com
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 arisons with other states' cybersecurity frameworks. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Cybersecurity\\\hich\f1 20 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4662.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Government\\\hich\f1 3A V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  20-55.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Govern\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ent\\\hich\f1 3A V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  3-83.pdf 
\line \line Wyoming: \line \hich\f1 According to New York Public Authorities Law \'a7\loch\f1  1305: \line Regulations - An authority may issue regulations governing its internal organization and operation, and the \line 
accomplishment of its corporate purposes, provided that\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 such regulations shall not be inconsistent with the \line 
provisions of this title or with any other law. Authorities shall conduct their affairs so as to provide the maximum \line possible access to those who wish to participate in their decisions. They shall also\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 strive to make their activities \line correspond with the needs and desires of the people of the state wherever possible. \line \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Public Authorities Law\\NY Pub Authorities \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 aw \'a7\loch\f1  1305.pdf \line \line Rhode Island: \line \hich\f1 According to Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 59.1-200: \line 1. Virginia's legislative framework borders other states like North Carolina, Tennessee, and Kentucky. \line 2. On the whole, Virginia appears to be an outlier from its regional neighbors in ter\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s of cybersecurity regulatory frameworks or approaches. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Information Technology\\Va. Code _ 59.1-200.pdf 
\line \line Nebraska: \line According to Virginia SB 1847: \line 1. Virginia,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 along with states such as Colorado, Georgia, Maine, and New York, has been part of the National Governors Association's 2010 policy academy on state cybersecurity. This program brought together state leaders to develop statewide cybersecurity frameworks 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nd approaches. \line 
2. The National Governors Association has provided Virginia and other states with a roadmap for developing and implementing comprehensive statewide cybersecurity plans and policies. This has led to the establishment of the Virginia Informa
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ion Technologies Agency and the Virginia Cyber Range to enhance cybersecurity education and workforce development efforts. \line 
3. The Virginia SB 1847 mandates the establishment of the Commonwealth Cyber Initiative (CCI) to advance cybersecurity research, de\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
elopment, innovation activities, and provide support for workforce development initiatives in coordination with institutions of higher education and industry partners in the state. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\
RAG-app\\Current Cyber\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecurity Law\\Virginia\\Code of Virginia\\Virginia SB 1847.pdf \line \line Nevada: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 Nevada Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 480.930 mandates the preparation and publication of a statewide strategic plan by the Office, which includes policies, procedures, best practices, and\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
recommendations for managing information system security risks. The plan must address threat identification, prevention, response, essential service safety, personal information protection, security technology investments, and collaboration improvements. 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 I\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t also requires updating every two years, allows private entity use, and mandates annual adherence testing of cybersecurity policies by state agencies. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.930.pdf \line 2)\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 
Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.900.pdf \line \line Michigan: \line \hich\f1 According to Virginia Code \'a7\loch\f1  59.1-571: \line 
1. Virginia's cybersecurity regulatory framework combines laws that focus on addressing cyber threats with laws that foc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s on data protection and privacy. \line 
2. Virginia's laws cover a broad range of topics related to cybersecurity, including breach notifications, protections for personal information, and requirements for state entities regarding cybersecurity measures. \line 3. V
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rginia has taken a comprehensive approach to address cybersecurity concerns, encompassing both public and private sector responsibilities and protections. \line 
4. There is a cluster of states in the Southeast region, including Virginia, that have enacted comp\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ehensive cybersecurity legislation and regulations to protect individuals and organizations from cyber threats. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\State Regulations\\
\hich\f1 Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  59.1-571.pdf \line \line Flo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ida: \line \hich\f1 According to Fla. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  282.318: \line \line 
3. The department, acting through the Florida Digital Service, is the lead entity responsible for establishing standards and processes for assessing state agency cybersecurity risks and determining appropriate se\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urity measures. Such standards and processes must be consistent with generally accepted technology best practices, including the National Institute for Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework, for cybersecurity. 
\line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rity Law\\Florida\\Information Technology\\Fla. Stat. _ 282.318.pdf \line \line Missouri: \line 
According to New York State Senate Bill S7246A: \line a. Cybersecurity Enhancement Measures by the New York State Energy and Research Development Authority, \line b. passenger railroad co\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
panies shall not use new operational technology unless the Federal Railroad Administration has reviewed and approved the technology for use, and \line 
c. no later than July 1 of every odd-numbered year, the authority shall submit a report to the governor and t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e legislature. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\TraCR\\Research\\
Transporation Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\State Senate Bill S7246A.pdf \line \line Wisconsin: \line \hich\f1 According to Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952: \line \line 1) Regional patterns or clusters of states with similar cybersecurity reg
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
latory frameworks or approaches can be identified based on the similarities in their cybersecurity legislations. States that have implemented laws such as those detailed in this section, focusing on information security programs, risk assessments, risk ma
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
agement, incident response plans, oversight of third-party service providers, and annual certifications to regulatory authorities, may be part of a cluster with shared cybersecurity priorities and standards. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wis\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 onsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952.pdf \line \line Tennessee: \line \hich\f1 According to Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56 -2-1004: 
\line 2. Based on the information, there are no specific mentions of regional patterns or clusters of states with similar cybersecurity regulatory frameworks or a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
proaches in this legislation code. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004.pdf \line \line Oregon: \line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code ORS \'a7\loch\f1 
 276A.555: \line (1) Oregon Cybersecurity Center of Excellence is established at Po\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tland State University operated under the joint direction and control of Portland State University, Oregon State University, and the University of Oregon. \line 
(2) The purpose of the center is to coordinate, fund, or provide cybersecurity-related services suc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 as awareness, education, training, workforce development, research, and development of technologies. \line 
(3) The center serves as the statewide advisory body on cybersecurity issues and provides information, best practices, assessment services, and incident\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 response. \line 
(4) Operating agreements for administering the center involve Portland State University, Oregon State University, the University of Oregon, with potential inclusion of other universities or community colleges. \line (5) A charter developed by the un
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 versities in consultation with the Oregon Cybersecurity Advisory Council governs the center's operations and procedures. \line 
(6) The center must develop a strategic plan every four years and submit reports on goals, objectives, and funding requests to the Go\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ernor and Legislative Assembly. \line 
(7) State government agencies are directed to assist the center in its duties and provide necessary information and advice to support cybersecurity initiatives. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\Informatio
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Technology\\\hich\f1 ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555.pdf \line \line Connecticut: \line \hich\f1 According to Conn. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  38a -38: \line 
No specific regional patterns or clusters of states with similar cybersecurity regulatory frameworks or approaches are explicitly mentioned in the statute. \line \line Referenc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Insurance\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 38a-38.pdf \line \line Mississippi: \line \hich\f1 According to Miss. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  25-53-201: \line \line 
1) The Mississippi Department of Information Technology Services (MDITS) shall provide centralized management \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nd coordination of state policies for the security of data and information technology resources, which information shall be compiled by MDITS and distributed to each participating state agency. \line \line 
2) MDITS shall serve as the sole authority for defining spe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ific enterprise cybersecurity systems and services applicable to state agencies and acquire and operate enterprise technology solutions to provide services to improve cybersecurity posture in state government. \line \line 
3) State agencies' executive directors or a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ency heads are responsible for ensuring all data and IT resources under their purview are secure, developing and implementing written agency policies and procedures, and participating in all Enterprise Security Program initiatives. \line \line 
4) MDITS shall evalua\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e the Enterprise Security Program based on factors such as incorporating nationwide best practices, centralizing oversight of cybersecurity efforts, and expanding oversight to other governing authorities by November 1, 2023. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 security Law\\Mississippi\\Government\\Miss. Code Ann. _ 25-53-201.pdf (Context 1 & Context 2) \line \line Oklahoma: \line \hich\f1 According to California Code - Civil Code, 
\'a7\loch\f1  1798.29: \line California, New York, and Texas have the most similar frameworks regarding comprehensive cybers\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
curity laws, indicating some regional clustering or patterns in cybersecurity regulatory frameworks. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\California - Civil Code.pdf 
\line \line South Carolina: \line According\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 to S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20: \line \line 
(A) Commensurate with the size and complexity of the licensee, the nature and scope of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s activities, including its use of third-party service providers, and the sensitivity of the nonpublic information used by 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 he licensee or in the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s possession, custody, or control, each licensee shall develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive written information security program based on the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s risk assessment and that contains administrative, technical,
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  and physical safeguards for the protection of nonpublic information and the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s information system. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\Insurance\\
\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20.pdf \line \line Indiana: \line According to Section 1339.85: \line There\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
are, indeed, regional patterns or clusters of states with similar cybersecurity regulatory frameworks or approaches, such as the case with the Midwestern states. This region seems to be more active in policy development regarding transportation cybersecur
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ty and resilience, with states like Indiana, Michigan, and Ohio having a concentrated effort on this front. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\TraCR\\Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislation
\\Midwest_States_Regulations.pdf \line \line Utah: \line Summary of Response: \line The response outl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 nes the provisions of Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 63A-16-214 related to zero trust architecture as a security model, applicable to executive branch agency systems and data. It mandates the development of uniform technology policies and standards by the chief informa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ion officer, prioritizing third-party cloud solutions, utilizing established purchasing vehicles, and reporting annually on implementation progress to specific committees. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-16-\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 214.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-16-1102.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Cybersecurity Affirmative Defense Act\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  78B-4-703.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  6\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 A-16-214.pdf \line \line West Virginia: \line \hich\f1 According to W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-2: \line 
"Regional patterns or clusters of states with similar cybersecurity regulatory frameworks or approaches" were not explicitly mentioned in the provided context. \line \line References: \line 1) Current C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 bersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-2.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-4.pdf \line \line Maryland: 
\line Summary: \line The response outlines cybersecurity regulations in Maryland, focusing on requirement\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 for county governments, local school systems, and local health departments to create or update cybersecurity preparedness and response plans, conduct cybersecurity assessments, and report incidents. The State Security Operations Center plays a key role i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  incident reporting and coordination. Municipal governments are exempt from these regulations. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Government\\
Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.5-407.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Public Utilities\\Md. Public Utility Companies Code Ann. _ 2-108.pdf \line \line Kansas: \line \hich\f1 
According to Legislation code: K.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  75-7240: \line (a) The executive branch agency heads in Kansas are responsible for the security of all data and information technology resour\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
es under their purview, regardless of location. They must ensure an agency-wide information security program, designate an information security officer, participate in statewide cybersecurity initiatives, implement policies for compliance with laws, stand
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rds, and regulations, and include cybersecurity requirements in procurement specifications. They must also conduct self-assessments, annually assess security programs, and report cybersecurity expenditures. \line \line 
(b) The directors or heads of state agencies a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e required to participate in annual leadership training, disable IT login credentials promptly upon employee separation, and ensure employees receive yearly IT security training. Meanwhile, the CISO is tasked with developing a self-assessment report templ
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 te, aggregating data, and ensuring confidentiality of reports made under the legislation. \line \line 
(c) The legislation specifies requirements for agencies in case of a breach involving personal or confidential information, outlines notification obligations, and \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
andates specific actions to be taken by agencies and employees to protect information and systems. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\K.S.A. _ 75-7240.pdf \line \line Arkansas: \line 
I cannot provide an answer as there is no relevant informatio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 in the provided context to answer this question about regional patterns or clusters of states with similar cybersecurity regulatory frameworks or approaches. \line \line Idaho: \line 
I am sorry, but I couldn't find any information related to regional patterns or cluste\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s of states with similar cybersecurity regulatory frameworks or approaches in the given context. \line 
\line North Carolina: \line \hich\f1 According to N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1379: \line \line 1. State agencies must cooperate with the State CIO by providing information on cybersecurity i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cidents, security measures, future cybersecurity needs, and designated liaisons. \line 
2. Designated liaisons must undergo a criminal background check, and all personnel must undergo mandatory annual security awareness training. \line 3. Information provided to the\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
State CIO is protected from public disclosure. \line 4. Local government entities and private sector entities are encouraged to report cybersecurity incidents to the Department. \line \line References: \line 1. Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\
Information Technology\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 N\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 .C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1379.pdf \line \line Texas: \line Summary: \line Tex. Gov\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 \hich\f1 t Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 2059.202 allows the establishment of regional network security centers to provide cybersecurity support and network security to regional offices for state agencies and other eligible ent\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ties. The Department may establish multiple centers if the first one successfully provides contracted services. Interagency or interlocal contracts are required for participation. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\
Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1  20\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 9.202.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2059.201.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law
\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2054.512.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2054.5181.pdf \line \line California: \line According to \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 M
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ichigan Compiled Laws \'a7\loch\f1  450.2011: \line a. "Department" means the department of licensing and regulatory affairs. \line 
b. "Disposition" means to grant to another entity a legally enforceable interest in information. \line c. "Person" means, in addition to the definitio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 contained in section 1106 of the estates and protected individuals code, 1998 PA 386, MCL 700.1106, a public body. \line d. "Preparer" means a person responsible for organizing information and selecting the form of an electronic record. \line 
e. "Reasonable securi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y protections" means security protections that are designed to protect the personal information from unauthorized access, acquisition, disclosure, destruction, use, modification, or loss. \line 
f. "Security breach" means the acquisition of personal information\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
without lawful authority, the acquisition by unauthorized persons of personal information that was lawfully obtained but that is subject to unauthorized use, or access that was not authorized that compromises the security, confidentiality, or integrity of
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 personal information maintained by a person. \line g. "System" means 2 or more computer systems connected to a server, mainframe, network, software, or any other similar device. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Law\\Michigan\\\hich\f1 Mich. Comp. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  450.2011.pdf \line \line Montana: \line 
\hich\f1 According to 23 Pa.C.S. \'a7\loch\f1 5723.2: \line There do not appear to be any regional patterns or clusters of states with similar cybersecurity regulatory frameworks or approaches. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\Use
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\Transportation\\\hich\f1 23 Pa.C.S. \'a7\loch\f1 5723.2.pdf \line \line Massachusetts: \line Summary: \line 
Massachusetts has established the Massachusetts Cybersecurity Innovation Fund to support the growth of the cybersecurity\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
industry cluster, protect against cybersecurity threats, and address talent pipeline needs. The fund aims to develop cybersecurity solutions, expand employment opportunities, promote education programs, and facilitate collaboration between universities an
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  industry participants. \line \line Reference: \line \hich\f1 [ALM GL ch. 40J, \'a7\loch\f1  4H](static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Government\\ALM GL ch. 40J, _ 4H.pdf) \line 
\line Iowa: \line \hich\f1 According to Iowa Code \'a7\loch\f1  554G.3: \line 1. A covered entity\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s cybersecurity program reasonably conforms to \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
n industry-recognized cybersecurity framework if: \line 
a. The cybersecurity program reasonably conforms to the current version of industry-recognized frameworks such as those set by the national institute of standards and technology, federal risk and authoriz\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tion management program, and others. \line b. The covered entity complies with laws and regulations like the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, and others. \line 
c. The cybersecurity program complies with the paymen\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  card industry data security standard and another applicable industry-recognized framework. \line 
2. If a covered entity's cybersecurity program conforms to multiple frameworks and revisions occur, the entity must adjust its program accordingly within specifie\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  timeframes. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Commerce\\Iowa Code _ 554G.3.pdf \line \line New Jersey: \line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  52:17B -193.3: \line 
e. The cyber incident reporting system shall permit the New Jersey Office of Homeland S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 curity and Preparedness to: \line 
(1) securely accept a cybersecurity incident notification from any individual or private entity, regardless of whether the entity is a public agency or government contractor; \line (2) track and identify trends in cybersecurity inc
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 dents reported through the cyber incident reporting system; and \line 
(3) produce reports on the types of incidents, indicators, defensive measures, and entities reported through the cyber incident reporting system. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\N\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w Jersey\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  52_17B-193.3.pdf \line \line Washington: \line \hich\f1 According to Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1 
 43.105.450, there are no specific mentions of regional patterns or clusters of states with similar cybersecurity regulatory frameworks or approaches. \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 R\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 eferences: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450(2).pdf \line \line Louisiana: \line 
The response provided mentions the critical infrastructure sectors identified by the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency, \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
hich includes sectors like Chemical, Energy, Transportation Systems, Healthcare, Information Technology, and others. There is no specific mention of regional patterns or clusters of states with similar cybersecurity regulatory frameworks or approaches. 
\line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 R\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 eferences: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Government\\La. R.S. _ 39_15.12.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Finance\\La. R.S. _ 51_2106.pdf \line 
\line Maine: \line The response mentions the Smart Grid Policy goals outlined in legislation code 35-A M.R.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 . \'a7\loch\f1 
 3143 in Maine. The policy aims to promote the development, implementation, and use of smart grid functions to enhance the electric system's reliability, efficiency, and security while reducing costs and greenhouse gas emissions. It includes provisions
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 for digital technology, renewable energy integration, demand response technologies, smart grid deployment, electric storage, consumer information, and removing barriers to adoption. \line 
\line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Public Utilities\\35-A M.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 R.S. _ 3143.pdf \line \line Alabama: \line According to IC 24-4.9-3-1: \line 1. The division may: \line 
a. Conduct an investigation upon receipt of a complaint or upon the division's initiative. \line b. Monitor compliance with this article. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 R
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 esearch\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Regulations\\IC 24-4.9.pdf \line \line North Dakota: \line \hich\f1 According to N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  54-59-05: \line \line 
1. The department shall oversee cybersecurity strategy for all executive branch state agencies, including institutions\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
under the control of the state board of higher education, counties, cities, school districts, or other political subdivisions. For this purpose, the department is required to consult with the attorney general on cybersecurity strategy. \line \line 
2. The department\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 shall also advise and consult with the legislative and judicial branches regarding cybersecurity strategy. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
North Dakota\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  54-59-05.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Gover\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ment\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1 
 44-04-24.pdf \line \line Ohio: \line According to ORC Ann. 1354.03: \line 1) There are no regional patterns or clusters of states with similar cybersecurity regulatory frameworks or approaches mentioned in the provided context. \line \line References: 
\line 1) Curre\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Commercial Transactions\\ORC Ann. 1354.03.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\ORC Ann. 3965.02.pdf \line \line Pennsylvania: 
\line According to H.B. 8239: \line 1. The State of Massachusetts clusters with California, Michigan, New Jersey,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 New York, Tennessee, Texas, and Washington in having data security laws. \line 
2. Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, Pennsylvania, and Rhode Island have data breach notification laws. \line 3. Kentucky and New Hampshire have data security laws. \line 4. Massachusetts, N\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
w Hampshire, and Ohio have laws that invite businesses and industries to support a voluntary industry-led partnership approach to creating and improving cybersecurity standards. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\
RAG-app\\Current Cybersec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rity Law\\National\\HB8239.pdf \line \line New Mexico: \line \hich\f1 
The response provided details on cybersecurity regulatory framework in New Mexico as per N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  9-27A-3. It outlines various responsibilities of the cybersecurity office in overseeing and implementing\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rules to protect agency information technology systems. These include setting security standards, developing controls, monitoring networks for security incidents, creating incident-response plans, and establishing data breach reporting processes. The refe
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ence section includes links to specific New Mexico cybersecurity laws for further information. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Information Technology\\
\hich\f1 N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  9-27A-3.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Utilities\\N.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  71-11-1.pdf \line \line Kentucky: \line \hich\f1 
According to N.H. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 106-B:5, there are no particular regional patterns or clusters of states with similar cybersecurity regulatory frameworks or approaches mentioned. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 B\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ox\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Information Technology\\N.H. Rev. Stat. Ann. _ 106-B.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line \hich\f1 
According to Minn. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  16E.35: \line \line Subdivision 1. Cybersecurity grant program established. \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  The Department of IT S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rvices may make grants to political subdivisions to support addressing cybersecurity risks and cybersecurity threats to information systems owned or operated by, or on behalf of, state, local, or Tribal governments, as provided in section 70612 of Public 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 aw 117 -58. \line Subd. 2. Match requirement. \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 
 The political subdivision receiving a grant must provide for the remainder of the costs of the project that exceed available state match appropriated funds, or that exceed goals defined in the statewide cybersecu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ity plan. \line Subd. 3. Criteria. \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  The department may set criteria for program priorities and standards of review. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\
Information Technology\\Minn. Stat. _ 16E.35.pdf \line \line South Dakota: \line According to CISA Act of\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2015: \line 
1. 'information sharing among different actors, and between the public and private sectors, focused on potential cybersecurity threats or incidents.' \line \line 
Based on this context, the CISA Act of 2015 focuses on information sharing among different actor\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  and sectors regarding cybersecurity threats or incidents. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\
Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Federal Laws\\CISA Act of 2015.pdf \line \line Illinois: \line According to legislation code 20 ILCS 1370/1-75, there is a pr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
vision for a Local government cybersecurity designee in Illinois. Each municipality with a population of 35,000 or greater and each county must designate a local official or employee as the primary point of contact for local cybersecurity issues. These ju
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 isdictions are required to provide the name and contact information of the cybersecurity designee to the Department and update the information as necessary. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Government\\20 ILCS 1370_1-75.pdf \line \line Based on t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e provided information, the context indicates that regional patterns or clusters of states with similar cybersecurity regulatory frameworks or approaches are not explicitly mentioned in the statutes and legislation codes examined. Each state appears to es
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ablish its own regulations and laws regarding cybersecurity infrastructure and practices within its jurisdiction, with variations in specific requirements and enforcement mechanisms. The specific details and focus areas of cybersecurity legislation differ
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 from state to state, and there are no specific mentions of regional patterns or clusters of states with similar cybersecurity regulatory frameworks or approaches in the context provided}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid4617425 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4617425 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e50000000000000000000000007078
98a7feddda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}