{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid11745792}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min22}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min22}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages14}{\nofwords5578}{\nofchars31800}{\nofcharsws37304}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot11745792 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid11745792 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q25. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid11745792 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 How do state cybersecurity regulations accommodate the needs and concerns of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) compared to larger corporations}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid11745792 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid14707577 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid11745792 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid11745792 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5. Arizona 
\line 6. Colorado \line 7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island \line 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 18. Oregon \line 
19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. South Carolina \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 23. Indiana \line 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. Kansas \line 28. Arkansas \line 29. Idaho \line 
30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 40. Alabama \line 41.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 North Dakota \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. New Mexico \line 46. Kentucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 50. Illinois \line \line New Hampshire: \line 
The RSA 420 -P:4 outlines cybersecurity regulations for licensees, requiring them to design pr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
grams based on risk assessments that are commensurate with their size and complexity. Licensees must implement appropriate security measures, establish incident response plans, and recover from cybersecurity events. These regulations aim to protect nonpub
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ic information. \line \line References: \line 1) RSA 420-P_4.pdf \line 2) RSA 420-P_6.pdf \line \line Delaware: \line \hich\f1 According to 18 Del. C. \'a7\loch\f1  8604: \line \line 
(a) Implementation of an information security program: \line (2) An information security program under this section must be commensurate with t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e size and complexity of a licensee; the nature and scope of a licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s activities, including the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s use of a third-party service provider; and the sensitivity of the nonpublic information that the licensee uses or has in the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s possessi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
n, custody, or control. \line \line (e) Oversight by board of directors: \line (2) Require the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s executive management or its delegates to report in writing at least annually all of the following information: \line 
b. Material matters related to the information secur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ty program, including addressing issues such as the following: \line 1. Risk assessment, risk management, and control decisions. \line 
2. Third-party service provider arrangements. \line 3. Results of testing. \line 4. Cybersecurity events or violations and management\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s resp\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nses to the events. \line 
5. Recommendations for changes in the information security program. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8604.pdf \line \line Virginia: \line Summary: \line 
- State cybersecurity regulations, specifically Va. Code A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 n. \'a7\loch\f1 
 38.2-623, require licensees to have an information security program to protect nonpublic information and information systems. \line 
- Licensees using third-party service providers must ensure they implement measures to safeguard information systems and da\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a. \line 
- Insurers in Virginia must annually certify compliance with these requirements and maintain records for five years. \line \hich\f1 - Reference: Current Cybersecurity Law in Virginia - Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-623.pdf \line \line 
Let me know if you need more information or assis\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ance! \line \line New York: \line \hich\f1 The response provided cites NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1 
 103, which outlines various roles and responsibilities related to technology management, cybersecurity, information privacy, and service delivery. It does not directly address ho\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 state cybersecurity regulations accommodate the needs and concerns of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) compared to larger corporations. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 
NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1  103.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Energy\\\hich\f1 NY CLS Energy \'a7\loch\f1  16-104.pdf \line \line Arizona: \line 
According to New York State's [LBDCS Article 11-C - Cybersecurity Requirements for Financial Services Companies](https://www.governor.ny.gov/sites/governor.ny.gov/fil\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s/atoms/files/Article11-E_Text.pdf): \line 1) Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) may face challenges in complying with the regulations due to limited resources and capabilities compared to larger corporations. \line 
2) The regulations recognize the differenc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s in resources and risk profiles between SMEs and larger corporations. \line 
3) To accommodate SMEs, the regulations provide flexibility and allow for tailored approaches to cybersecurity compliance. \line 4) The regulations emphasize the importance of risk assessm\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nts that are appropriate for the size and complexity of the organization, including SMEs. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\TraCR\\NY\\LBDCS_Article11-C.pdf \line \line Colorado: \line According to C.R.S. 24-33.5-1905: \line 
1) Small to Medium-sized Enterprises (SMEs) \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ompared to larger corporations are accommodated through considerations such as: \line 
a) "Encouraging the use of distributed ledger technologies, or blockchains, within their proposed curricula for public sector education." \line b) "Studying efforts to protect pri\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
acy of personal identifying information maintained within distributed ledger programs." \line c) "Process and hold security clearances for authorized Colorado government personnel." \line 
d) "Considering establishing relationships with the existing MITRE national c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
bersecurity federally funded research and development center; the aerospace corporation federally funded research and development center; or creating a new parallel organization focused on cybersecurity for national defense and homeland security requireme
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ts." \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\C.R.S. 24-33.5-1905.pdf \line \line Georgia: \line \hich\f1 
The response provided outlines the cybersecurity regulations outlined in O.C.G.A. \'a7\loch\f1  38-3-22.2 in Georgia. These regulations require agencies and ut\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
lities to report cyber attack incidents, data breaches, or use of malware to the director of emergency management and homeland security. It also specifies that reports or records produced under this code section are not subject to public inspection. Addit
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 onally, it highlights that agencies and utilities are still obligated to notify individuals impacted by such incidents. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\
Military\\O.C.G.A. _ 38-3-22.2.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\State Gover\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ment\\O.C.G.A. _ 50-18-72.pdf \line \line Vermont: \line 
The state cybersecurity regulations accommodate the needs and concerns of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) compared to larger corporations by establishing the Cybersecurity Advisory Council to provide advi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e on cybersecurity infrastructure, best practices, and standards. The Council includes representatives from various sectors to ensure diverse perspectives, develop a strategic plan for protecting information, evaluate statewide cybersecurity readiness, pr
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 mote a skilled cybersecurity workforce, and make recommendations for legislative action to protect critical assets. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\
Cybersecurity\\\hich\f1 20 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4662.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Financial\\8 V.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 .A. \'a7\loch\f1  4728.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Vermont\\Government\\\hich\f1 3 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  3301.pdf \line \line Wyoming: \line I am sorry, but I do not have the necessary information to answer your question. If you can provide me with relevant contexts or details related to state cyber
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecurity regulations and their accommodation for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) compared to larger corporations, I would be happy to assist you further. \line \line Rhode Island: 
\line I am sorry, but I do not have any specific information in the provided cont\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
xts to answer the question regarding how state cybersecurity regulations accommodate the needs and concerns of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) compared to larger corporations. If you provide me with more detailed information or relevant contexts
,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  I will be happy to assist you further. \line \line References: \line \line Nebraska: \line \hich\f1 According to Oklahoma Stat. Ann. tit. 74, \'a7\loch\f1  3113.1: \line 
1. The Department shall adopt a rule to provide for the interpretation of this act, including: \line a. A standard for secure transportation\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 system technology, \line 
b. Data standards and data management requirements that accommodate the needs and concerns of small and medium-sized businesses, and \line c. A standard for interoperability with emergency operation management systems and other data systems
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 that are operated by State or local government agencies. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oklahoma\\Transportation
\\\hich\f1 Okla. Stat. Ann. tit. 74, \'a7\loch\f1  3113.1.pdf \line \line Nevada: \line The given response highlights the sig\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ificance of protecting and securing information systems for the health, safety, and welfare of the people in the state, emphasizing the need for a strategic statewide plan, collaboration among various sectors, and the role of institutions of higher educat
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 on. It underlines the importance of legislative provisions to prepare for and mitigate risks to information systems and statewide cyberinfrastructure. \line \line Reference: \line 
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.900.pdf \line \line Michig\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n: \line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code: MCLS \'a7\loch\f1 
 500.555: \line \line 1) State cybersecurity regulations accommodate small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) compared to larger corporations by: \line (3) A licensee shall designate employees, an affiliate, or an outside vendor
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 responsible for the information security program. \line (4) A licensee shall design its information security program to mitigate identified risks based on size, complexity, and sensitivity. 
\line (5) The board of directors shall oversee the development and maintena\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ce of the information security program. \line 
(6) A licensee shall exercise due diligence in selecting third-party service providers to implement protective measures. \line (7) A licensee shall monitor, evaluate, and adjust the information security program in line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ith relevant changes. \line (8) Each licensee shall establish a written incident response plan to promptly respond to cybersecurity events. \line 
(9) Insurers must certify compliance annually and document remedial efforts for improvements. \line \line References: \line 1) Current\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\
MCLS _ 500.555.pdf \line \line Florida: \line State cybersecurity regulations require each state agency head to designate an information security manager, establish an agency cybersecurity response team, and submit annual strategic a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d operational cybersecurity plans to the department. These regulations aim to ensure that small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) have adequate cybersecurity measures in place. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Information Technology\\F\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a. Stat. _ 282.318.pdf (Context 1) \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Information Technology\\
Fla. Stat. _ 282.318.pdf (Context 2) \line \line Missouri: \line I am sorry, I am a Transportation Cybersecurity Legislation Assistant and do not have information related to \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tate cybersecurity regulations and SMEs. \line \line Wisconsin: \line \hich\f1 According to Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952: \line \line 
2(a) SMEs are required to "Identify reasonably foreseeable internal and external threats that could result in unauthorized access to or transmission, disclosure, m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
suse, alteration, or destruction of nonpublic information." \line 2(b) SMEs must "Assess the likelihood and potential damage of the threats identified, taking into consideration the sensitivity of the nonpublic information." \line 
3(a) SMEs are to "Design an inform\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tion security program to mitigate the identified threats, commensurate with the size and complexity of the licensee, the nature and scope of the licensee
\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s activities, including its use of 3rd-party service providers, and the sensitivity of the nonpublic \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nformation." \line 
9(a) SMEs are exempt from the regulations if they have "less than $10,000,000 in year-end total assets," "less than $5,000,000 in gross annual revenue," or "fewer than 50 employees, including independent contractors, who work at least 30 hou
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s a week for the licensee." \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952.pdf \line \line Tennessee: \line 
\hich\f1 State cybersecurity regulations, exemplified by Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004, require licensees to develop information securi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y programs tailored to their size, complexity, activities, and the sensitivity of nonpublic information they handle. These programs must include various security measures such as access controls, encryption, secure development practices, testing and monit
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ring of systems, and procedures for secure disposal of information. The regulations are designed to address the specific risks and needs of each licensee, whether they are small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) or larger corporations. \line \line 
References: \line 1)\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 
Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004.pdf \line \line Oregon: \line Summary: The state of Oregon has established a cybersecurity center to support the S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ate Chief Information Officer in coordinating awareness, education, training, and workforce development programs related to cybersecurity. The center also provides cybersecurity-related goods and services to Oregon public bodies, prioritizing local govern
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ents and educational institutions. Additionally, the center offers information, best practices, and serves as a forum for discussing cybersecurity issues to assist public, private, and nonprofit sectors in the state. \line \line Reference: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Law\\Oregon\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555.pdf \line \line Connecticut: \line 
Summary: State cybersecurity regulations require small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), referred to as "Business," to implement cybersecurity controls to protect personal or restrict\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
d information. The scale and scope of their cybersecurity program should consider factors like entity size, activities, information sensitivity, and cost of tools. Both SMEs and larger corporations must adhere to industry-recognized cybersecurity framewor
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 k\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s to prevent data breaches and punitive damages. Covered entities of all sizes must maintain a written cybersecurity program with administrative, technical, and physical safeguards aligned with recognized frameworks. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Law\\Connecticut\\Business Practices\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 42-901.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Insurance\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 38a-38.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Education\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 10a-80g.pdf \line \line Mississippi: \line Accordin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  to Miss. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  25-53-201: \line \line 
1(1) - "There is hereby established the Enterprise Security Program which shall provide for the coordinated oversight of the cybersecurity efforts across all state agencies, including cybersecurity systems, services and \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 he development of policies, standards and guidelines." \line \line 1(2)(f) - "Manage, plan and coordinate all enterprise cybersecurity systems under the jurisdiction of the state." \line \line 
1(3)(d) - "Ensure the agency adheres to the requirements established by the Enterp\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ise Security Program, to the extent that they apply." \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Government\\Miss. Code Ann. _ 25-53-201.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code 18 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f1  2070: \line \line 1. A covered entity seeking an affirm
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tive defense under this act shall create, maintain, and comply, including documentation of such compliance, with a written cybersecurity program that contains administrative, technical, and physical safeguards for the protection of both personal informati
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n and restricted information. \line 2. The scale and scope of a covered entity\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s cybersecurity program under this subsection is appropriate if it is based on factors such as the size and complexity of the covered entity, the nature and scope of the activities \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
f the covered entity, the sensitivity of the information to be protected, the cost and availability of tools to improve information security, and the resources available to the covered entity. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Oklahoma\\Hospital \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ybersecurity Protection Act\\\hich\f1 18 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f1  2070.pdf \line \line South Carolina: \line \hich\f1 
The response discusses the cybersecurity regulations outlined in S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20 for licensees, emphasizing the need for a comprehensive written information security program b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
sed on risk assessment. The program must include safeguards for protecting nonpublic information and information systems, defining retention schedules, and mechanisms for data destruction. Licensees are required to designate responsible individuals/vendor
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 , identify and assess potential threats, implement safeguards, and conduct annual effectiveness assessments. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\
Insurance\\\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20.pdf \line \line Indiana: \line I'm sorry, there is no context prov\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ded for me to extract the relevant information from. Please provide me with the necessary context so I can assist you effectively. \line \line Utah: \line \hich\f1 According to Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  78B-4-703: \line \line 
1) State cybersecurity regulations accommodate the needs and concerns of\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) compared to larger corporations by outlining the components of a cybersecurity program eligible for an affirmative defense. Within this framework: \line \line 
(2) A written cybersecurity program is a reasonable security pro\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ram under Subsection (1)(b)(i) if it includes administrative, technical, and physical safeguards, practices and procedures to detect, prevent, and respond to breaches of system security, employee training, risk assessments, and adjustments to protect the 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecurity, confidentiality, and integrity of personal information. This ensures that SMEs can establish effective cybersecurity measures aligned with their capabilities and resources. \line 
\line (3) When recognized cybersecurity frameworks are revised or amended, SM\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 E\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s with written cybersecurity programs are given reasonable timeframes to conform to the updated frameworks, taking into consideration factors such as risks, cost, effort, and other relevant considerations. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ybersecurity Affirmative Defense Act\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  78B-4-703.pdf \line \line West Virginia: \line \hich\f1 
According to W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-2: \line "Enterprise" means the collective departments, agencies, and boards within state government that provide services to citizens and ot\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
er state entities. Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) could fall within this definition and benefit from cybersecurity regulations designed to secure information assets and systems. Additionally, "Plan of action and milestones" can help SMEs identi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y and assess information system security and privacy weaknesses, set priorities, and monitor progress toward mitigating the weaknesses, which can be crucial for their cybersecurity needs. 
\line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Governmen\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-2.pdf \line \line Maryland: \line 
State cybersecurity regulations in Maryland accommodate small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) by providing assistance in the development of data management, data governance, and data specification standards to r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
duce risk. The Office offers technical support in mitigating and recovering from cybersecurity incidents, including for SMEs, and provides guidance to improve cybersecurity practices. Additionally, the Office informs stakeholders about available financial
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 assistance from non-State entities to support SMEs in their cybersecurity efforts. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law
\\Maryland\\Government\\Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.5-402.pdf \line 2) Cur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ent Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Government\\
Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.5-406.pdf \line \line Kansas: \line \hich\f1 The response outlines several key provisions under Legislation Code K.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  75-7240 in Kansas state cybersecurity regulations. These provisions
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
include requirements for agency heads to ensure data security, establish information security programs, appoint information security officers, participate in cybersecurity initiatives, comply with laws, implement safeguards, include cybersecurity in procu
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ement specifications, conduct assessments, report cybersecurity expenditures, notify in case of breaches, and provide security training to employees. These regulations aim to enhance cybersecurity measures within state agencies. \line \line Arkansas: 
\line I am sorry, b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
t I am unable to provide an answer as there is no specific information given in the context related to how state cybersecurity regulations accommodate the needs and concerns of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) compared to larger corporations. If 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ou provide more detailed context or information, I would be happy to assist you with your question. \line \line References: \line \line Idaho: \line \hich\f1 According to Idaho Code \'a7
\loch\f1  67-827A: \line 1) SMEs are accommodationed by providing mandatory education and training of state employees an\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  guidance on appropriate training levels. \line 
2) SMEs needs are addressed by creating, updating, and marketing a statewide cybersecurity website for intelligence-sharing and best practices. \line 3) State cybersecurity regulations coordinate with public and priva\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e entities for statewide outreach efforts to protect SMEs' information and sensitive data. \line 4) Cybersecurity regulations include coordinating with appropriate state agencies to create rules for cybersecurity purposes. 
\line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecuri\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y Law\\Idaho\\Government\\Idaho Code _ 67-827A.pdf \line \line North Carolina: \line 
The response outlines the requirements for state agencies to cooperate with the State CIO regarding cybersecurity measures, incident reporting, information security, future cybersecurity n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
eds, and designated liaisons. Private sector entities are also encouraged to report cybersecurity incidents to the Department. The information provided to the State CIO is protected from public disclosure. \line \line Reference: \line 
Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Car\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lina\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1379.pdf \line \line Texas: \line 
The state cybersecurity regulations accommodate small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) by exempting them from providing proof of cyber-threat insurance coverage or posting a performa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ce bond under certain conditions. SMEs can satisfy the requirements by providing proof of internal controls and security protocols certified by a CPA or IT cybersecurity professional, PCI DSS certification, or compliance with cybersecurity standards devel
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ped by a national organization of CPAs. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\Tex. Gov\hich\f1 
\rquote \loch\f1 \hich\f1 t Code \'a7\loch\f1  411.084.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2157.007.pdf \line 3) Curre\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
t Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2054.5181.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2054.5191.pdf \line \line California: \line 
I am unable to provide an answer without the necessary context information. \line \line Montana: \line According to Iow\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  Code \'a7\loch\f1  74.41: \line 
1. The division shall establish a program to assist small and medium-sized employers, including small businesses and local governments, to address their information security needs and implement best practices. \line 2. The division shall assist
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
with the review and development of information security policies and practices, conduct or facilitate training and provide resources for small and medium-sized entities to comply with relevant cybersecurity regulations. \line 
3. The program shall consider the \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nique needs and concerns of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), providing tailored guidance and support as necessary. \line \line References: \line 
1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\\hich\f1 Iowa Code \'a7\loch\f1  74.41.pdf \line \line Massachusetts:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Summary: \line 
State cybersecurity regulations accommodate the needs and concerns of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) compared to larger corporations by considering factors such as company size, available resources, amount of stored data, and the nee
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 for security and confidentiality of consumer and employee information. Rules and regulations specific to SMEs within state government entities are designed to ensure the security and confidentiality of personal information by taking into account the size
,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 scope, type of services provided, resources available, and the stored data. Various branches of the state government must adopt rules that consider factors like department size, services provided, resources, stored data, and the need for security and con
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 identiality of consumer and employee information. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 2.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Government\\ALM GL ch. 40J, _ 6J.pdf \line \line Iowa: \line \hich\f1 According to Iowa Code \'a7\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 54G.3: \line 
1. To accommodate small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) compared to larger corporations, state cybersecurity regulations allow for different levels of compliance based on the covered entity's regulatory status. SMEs can reasonably conform thei
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 cybersecurity program to specific industry-recognized cybersecurity frameworks, which may be more feasible for them to implement. However, larger corporations, which are subject to more regulations, must conform to the entirety of specific laws or regula
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ions, ensuring a higher level of cybersecurity standards. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Commerce\\Iowa Code _ 554G.3.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law
\\Iowa\\Insurance\\Iowa Code _ 507F.4.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Commerce\\Iowa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Code _ 554G.2.pdf \line \line New Jersey: \line Summary: \line 
State cybersecurity regulations address the needs of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) by requiring water purveyors to update their cybersecurity programs to align with industry standards within a specifi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  timeframe. Additionally, audits by independent cybersecurity firms are mandated to ensure compliance, with the cost borne by the water purveyors. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\
Utilities\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  58_31-4.1.pdf \line 2) Current Cybe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 security Law\\New Jersey\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  52_17B-193.3.pdf \line \line 
Washington: \line \hich\f1 The response highlights elements of Washington state cybersecurity regulations outlined in Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450. These regulations provide formal guidance to ag\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ncies on leading practices and standards for a comprehensive cybersecurity approach, including aspects like IT system configuration, governance, compliance, and incident response. Additionally, the regulations also emphasize serving as a cybersecurity res
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urce for local and municipal governments in Washington. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1 
 43.105.450.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450.pdf \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\
Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450.pdf \line \line Louisiana: \line Summary: \line 
The state cybersecurity regulations, as outlined \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 n Legislation Code La. R.S. \'a7\loch\f1 
 22:2504, require licensees to establish information security programs designed to protect nonpublic information, assess risks, and implement appropriate security measures. These regulations help both small and medium-sized en
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 erprises (SMEs) and larger corporations enhance their cybersecurity measures to safeguard data and prevent unauthorized access. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Louisiana\\Insurance\\La. R.S. _ 22_2504.pdf \line \line Maine: \line According to Legislation code \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 4-A M.R.S. \'a7\loch\f1  2264: \line \line 
1. Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) are accommodated in the cybersecurity regulations by tailoring the requirements to the size and complexity of the licensee: \line A. "Commensurate with the size and complexity of the licensee...
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  comprehensive, written information security program based on the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s risk assessment"; \line 
B. "Design its information security program to mitigate the identified risks... of the nonpublic information used by the licensee or in the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s possessi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
n, custody, or control." \line \line 2. The regulations consider the different needs and concerns of SMEs compared to larger corporations by: \line 
A. Implementing "security measures considered appropriate" based on the size and complexity of the licensee's activities; \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 B. Including "cybersecurity risks in the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s enterprise risk management process" to address the specific risks faced by each entity. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf \line \line Alabama: \line I am sorry, but I co
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ld not find any relevant information in the provided contexts to answer the question about state cybersecurity regulations and their accommodation of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) compared to larger corporations. If you provide me with additio
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 al context or information, I would be happy to assist you further. \line \line References: \line \line North Dakota: \line Summary: \line 
Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) are required to develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive written information security program bas\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
d on risk assessment, including administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect nonpublic information and the organization's information system. They must design the program to ensure security, confidentiality, protection against threats, un
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
uthorized access, and minimize harm to consumers. SMEs should assess threats, the sensitivity of information, and establish safeguards. Due diligence in selecting and overseeing third-party service providers is crucial to ensure they implement appropriate
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 measures to protect information systems and nonpublic information. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1 
 26.1-02.2-03.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  54-59-05.pdf\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Insurance
\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-03.pdf \line \line Alaska: \line I'm sorry, but the provided context does not contain information specifically addressing how state cybersecurity regulations accommodate the needs and conc
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rns of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) compared to larger corporations. If you have any more details or specific laws or regulations in mind, please provide them for a more accurate response. \line \line References: \line \line Ohio: \line 
According to Legislation code \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 O\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 RC Ann. 1354.03: \line 
State cybersecurity regulations accommodate the needs and concerns of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) compared to larger corporations by providing flexibility in compliance. In section (A), it states that "The cybersecurity pro
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ram reasonably conforms to the current version of any of the following frameworks", allowing for different frameworks that may be more suitable for SMEs. Additionally, in section (B), it mentions that "The covered entity is regulated by the state, by the 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ederal government, or both", indicating that regulations take into account the varying regulatory burdens that SMEs and larger corporations may face. Furthermore, in section (C), it outlines that the cybersecurity program should comply with necessary stan
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ards, which can be achieved in a tailored manner based on the organization's size and complexity. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Commercial Transactions\\
ORC Ann. 1354.03.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\ORC Ann. 3965.02.p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f \line \line Pennsylvania: \line 
State cybersecurity regulations accommodate the needs and concerns of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) compared to larger corporations by ensuring that the requirements are commensurate with the size, complexity, nature, and sc
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
pe of the licensee's activities. SMEs are expected to design their information security program to mitigate identified risks in alignment with their business objectives and risk strategy. Additionally, SMEs must adopt secure development practices for in-h
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 use developed applications and provide cybersecurity awareness training to personnel as necessary. \line \line References: \line \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\\hich\f1 
40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1  4513.pdf \line \line New Mexico: \line \hich\f1 According to N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  9-27A-3: \line \line 6. Serve as a cybe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
security resource for local governments; \line 7. Develop a service catalog of cybersecurity services to be offered to agencies and to political subdivisions of the state; \line 
12. Establish a centralized cybersecurity and data breach reporting process for agencie\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  and political subdivisions of the state. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
New Mexico\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  9-27A-3.pdf \line 2) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utilities\\\hich\f1 N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  71-1
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 -1.pdf \line \line Kentucky: \line Summary: \line 
State cybersecurity regulations accommodate small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) by imposing recordkeeping and reporting requirements, conducting examinations by the commissioner, setting policies and procedures tailored
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 to business size, and providing flexibility based on the firm's size and scope. The regulations acknowledge the diverse needs and capacities of different entities. \line \line Reference: 
\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Finance\\KRS _ 292.336.pdf \line 2) Current C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 bersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Insurance\\KRS _ 304.3-756.pdf \line \line Hawaii: \line \hich\f1 
The response outlines cybersecurity regulations for licensees as outlined in Legislation code HRS \'a7\loch\f1  431:3B-203. The regulations require licensees to design information security programs bas\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
d on risk assessment, implement appropriate security measures, incorporate cybersecurity risks in enterprise risk management, stay informed about emerging threats, and provide cybersecurity awareness training to personnel. The regulations aim to mitigate 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 dentified risks based on the size and complexity of activities, including the use of third-party service providers. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\
Insurance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-203.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Com\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 unications\\HRS _ 128B-1.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\
Insurance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-302.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line The state cybersecurity regulations accommodate the needs and concerns of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) by tailorin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 the implementation of information security programs and risk management to factors such as size, complexity, and nature of activities, including considerations for third-party service providers. Oversight by the board or committee ensures adherence to th
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 se cybersecurity measures. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Insurance\\Minn. Stat. _ 60A.9851.pdf \line \line South Dakota: \line \hich\f1 
According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.150: \line a. Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) may benefit from the carve-o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
t in the CCPA for certain personal information collected from employees, job applicants, and business-to-business communications. This carve-out expires on January 1, 2023. However, the emerging privacy legislation has the potential to affect businesses o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  all sizes, including SMEs and larger corporations. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\
\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.150.pdf \line \line Illinois: \line State cybersecurity regulations accommodate the nee\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s and concerns of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) compared to larger corporations by considering factors such as the size and complexity of the licensee's activities and their use of third-party service providers. This tailored approach based on
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
business size is evident in various paragraphs of Legislation code 215 ILCS 215/10. Paragraph (a) and (d) both emphasize the importance of adjusting security measures according to the licensee's size and activities, while paragraph (f) underlines the requ
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rement for third-party service providers to implement appropriate security measures. These measures aim to provide a level playing field for all entities, irrespective of their size. \line 
\line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 15_10.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_20.pdf \line \line 
State cybersecurity regulations accommodate the needs and concerns of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) compared to larger corporations by tailoring the cybersecurity\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
programs based on risk assessments that consider factors such as the size and complexity of the licensee, the nature and scope of their activities, including the use of third-party service providers, and the sensitivity of the nonpublic information. Licen
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ees are required to develop comprehensive written information security programs designed to protect nonpublic information, assess risks, and implement appropriate security measures based on their business objectives and risk strategies. These regulations 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rovide flexibility and allow for different levels of compliance based on the covered entity's regulatory status, ensuring that the requirements are commensurate with the size and complexity of the licensee's activities. SMEs can align their cybersecurity 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rograms with specific industry-recognized frameworks, which may be more feasible for them to implement, while larger corporations must adhere to the entirety of specific laws or regulations, ensuring a higher level of cybersecurity standards. Additionally
,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 the regulations emphasize the importance of adjusting security measures according to the licensee's size and activities, while requiring third-party service providers to implement appropriate security measures to safeguard information systems and data}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid11745792 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid11745792 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e500000000000000000000000010c7
59cffeddda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}