{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid6846124}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min23}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min24}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages14}{\nofwords5788}{\nofchars32997}{\nofcharsws38708}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot6846124 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6846124 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q27. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid6846124 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 How do state cybersecurity regulations address the cybersecurity workforce shortage and promote education and training initiatives}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid6846124 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid2167581 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid6846124 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid6846124 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states:\line 1. New Hampshire\line 2. Delaware\line 3. Virginia\line 4. New York\line 5. Arizona\line 6. Colorado\line 7. Georgia\line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 8. Vermont\line 9. Wyoming\line 10. Rhode Island\line 11. Nebraska\line 12. Nevada\line 13. Michigan\line 14. Florida\line 15. Missouri\line 16. Wisconsin\line 17. Tennessee\line 18. Oregon\line 19. Connecticut\line 
20. Mississippi\line 21. Oklahoma\line 22. South Carolina\line 23. Indiana\line 24. Utah\line 25. West Virginia\line 26. Marylan\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 27. Kansas\line 28. Arkansas\line 29. Idaho\line 
30. North Carolina\line 31. Texas\line 32. California\line 33. Montana\line 34. Massachusetts\line 35. Iowa\line 36. New Jersey\line 37. Washington\line 38. Louisiana\line 39. Maine\line 40. Alabama\line 41. North Dakota\line 42. Alaska\line 43. Ohio
\line 44. Pennsylvania\line 45. New Mexico\line 46.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Kentucky\line 47. Hawaii\line 48. Minnesota\line 49. South Dakota\line 50. Illinois\line \line New Hampshire:\line According to RSA 420-P:4:\line \line 
III. While performing risk assessment the licensee shall:\line (e) Provide its personnel with cybersecurity awareness training that is updated as necess\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ry to reflect risks identified by the licensee in the risk assessment.\line \line V. If the licensee has a board of directors, the board or an appropriate committee of the board shall, at a minimum:\line (b) Require the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s executive management or its delegates t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  report in writing at least annually, the following information:\line 
(2) Material matters related to the information security program, addressing issues such as risk assessment, risk management and control decisions, third-party service provider arrangements,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
results of testing, cybersecurity events or violations and management\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s responses thereto, and recommendations for changes in the program.\line \line 
(e) Provide its personnel with cybersecurity awareness training that is updated as necessary to reflect risks ident\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 fied by the licensee in the risk assessment.\line \line References:\line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420-P_4.pdf\line \line Delaware:\line State cybersecurity regulations address the cybersecurity workforce shortage and promote education and training initi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tives through the implementation of an information security program based on risk assessment. This program includes administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect nonpublic information and the information system. The objectives are to ensur
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 security and confidentiality, protect against threats, prevent unauthorized access, and establish retention and destruction mechanisms for nonpublic information. Risk assessment, risk management, oversight by the board of directors, oversight of third-pa
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ty service providers, program adjustments, incident response planning, and annual certification to the Commissioner of the domiciliary state are key components outlined in the regulations.
\line \line Reference:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  C. _ 8604.pdf\line \line Virginia:\line 
The state cybersecurity regulations address the cybersecurity workforce shortage by requiring state agencies to provide annual information security training for each employee, with a curriculum developed by the CIO focusing on fo
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ming good information security habits and procedures. Employees must complete the training within 30 days of initial employment and annually. Each state agency is responsible for monitoring and certifying employees' training compliance.\line \line 
Reference:\line 1) Cur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ent Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  2.2-2009.pdf\line \line New York:\line \hich\f1 
According to NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1  103:\line 1. To encourage and foster the exchange of and increase access to information within and among public and private entities an\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 individuals in order to improve the delivery of state programs and services of the state;\line 
8. To advise and assist state agencies in the implementation of language translation technology on state agency websites containing information about the novel coro\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 avirus (\'93
\loch\f1 \hich\f1 COVID-19\'94\loch\f1 ) or programs, benefits, or services related to COVID-19 within sixty days of the effective date of this subdivision;\line 
12. To complete a comprehensive study of existing state information resource technology infrastructure to the extent th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t the information is available;\line 
18. To provide for the protection of the state government\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s cybersecurity infrastructure, including, but not limited to, the identification and mitigation of vulnerabilities, deterring and responding to cyber events, and pr
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 moting cybersecurity awareness within the state.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1 
 103.pdf\line \line Arizona:\line \hich\f1 According to Wisconsin Statutes \'a7\loch\f1 \hich\f1  20.476(16) and \'a7\loch\f1  230.08:\line 1. The state "must conduc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 the program in collaboration with industry partners to provide training that aligns with employer needs, address the shortage of cybersecurity professionals, and prepare individuals for entry into the cybersecurity workforce."\line 
2. The state "shall develop,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  implement, and periodically update a comprehensive cybersecurity workforce strategy, which must include initiatives to promote education and training in cybersecurity."\line 
3. The strategy "must include recommendations for the promotion of K-12, postsecondar\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
, and lifelong education and training initiatives in cybersecurity, including training opportunities that provide skills necessary to protect data and information systems from cyber threats."\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Curr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nt Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Wis. Stat. _ 20.476.pdf\line 2) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\
Wis. Stat. _ 230.08.pdf\line \line Colorado:\line State cybersecurity regulations address the cybersecurity workforce shortage and pr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
mote education and training initiatives by considering various measures. These include developing secure facilities, exploring collaborative activities with other Colorado universities, establishing relationships with research and development corporations
,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  collaborating with cyber companies and institutions of higher education, and encouraging the use of distributed ledger technologies in proposed curricula for public sector education.\line \line Reference:\line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\C.R.S. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 4-33.5-1905.pdf (Context 1)\line \line Georgia:\line \hich\f1 
The provided response details the cybersecurity regulations outlined in O.C.G.A. \'a7\loch\f1  38-3-22.2 for agencies and utilities in Georgia. It mandates reporting of cyber attack incidents, data breaches, and malware usage to 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
he director of emergency management and homeland security, with specific timelines and conditions for reporting. Additionally, it specifies that reports or records under this Code section are not subject to public inspection. The reference for this inform
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tion can be found in the document titled "Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\Military\\O.C.G.A. _ 38-3-22.2.pdf."\line \line Vermont:\line 
The response outlines that state cybersecurity regulations address the cybersecurity workforce shortage and promote education and tra\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ning initiatives by assigning duties to the Cybersecurity Advisory Council. The council is responsible for developing a strategic plan, evaluating readiness, building relationships, establishing partnerships with universities, reviewing standards, advisin
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 on promoting a skilled workforce, raising citizen awareness, providing training, recommending legislative actions, assessing risks, and enhancing cyber-insurance availability and affordability.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Vermont\\Cybersecur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ty\\\hich\f1 20 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4662.pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Government\\\hich\f1 3A V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  20-55.pdf\line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Government\\\hich\f1 3A V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  3-83.pdf\line \line Wyoming:\line I'm sorry, but I don't have any specific information available at the moment regar\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ing the cybersecurity workforce shortage and promotion of education and training initiatives in state cybersecurity regulations. If you would like, I can research this information for you. Just provide the context related to this query, and I will assist 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ou further.\line \line References:\line No specific reference provided yet.\line \line Rhode Island:\line According to Senate Bill 1001:\line 
1. California State Legislature has established the Cybersecurity Multi-Sector Workforce Expansion Partnership Program.\line 2. The Program is intended t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 address the state's cybersecurity workforce shortage and promote a comprehensive approach to cybersecurity education and training initiatives.\line \line According to Senate Bill 1001:\line 
1. The bill provides that in enacting these provisions, it is the intent of the\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Legislature to address the state's cybersecurity workforce shortage and promote a comprehensive approach to cybersecurity education and training initiatives.\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\S.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 B. 1001.pdf\line \line Nebraska:\line 
I am sorry, but I do not have the specific information you are looking for in the provided context. If you can provide me with the relevant information regarding state cybersecurity regulations addressing the cybersecurity workforce
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 shortage and promoting education and training initiatives, I would be happy to help answer your question.\line \line Nevada:\line Summary of the response:\line 
State cybersecurity regulations in Nevada emphasize the importance of protecting information systems to safeguard t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e public's health, safety, and welfare. They acknowledge the role of higher education institutions in developing programs that support a skilled cybersecurity workforce, promote innovation, and enhance statewide cyberinfrastructure security.\line \line 
Reference:\line -\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.900.pdf\line \line Michigan:\line \hich\f1 According to MCLS \'a7\loch\f1 
 18.230:\line Sec. 10.\line (4) The department may provide appropriate training to individuals who wish to participate in the Michigan cyber civilian cor\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s and to existing Michigan cyber civilian corps volunteers and advisors.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Government\\MCLS _ 18.230.pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS _ 500.555.pdf\line 
\line Florida:\line \hich\f1 According to Fla. Stat. \'a7\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
282.318, the way state cybersecurity regulations address the cybersecurity workforce shortage and promote education and training initiatives is by:\line 
3. (e) In collaboration with the Cybercrime Office of the Department of Law Enforcement, annually provide t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
aining for state agency information security managers and computer security incident response team members that contains training on cybersecurity, including cybersecurity threats, trends, and best practices.\line 
(f) Annually review the strategic and operatio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 al cybersecurity plans of state agencies.\line 
(g) Annually provide cybersecurity training to all state agency technology professionals and employees with access to highly sensitive information which develops, assesses, and documents competencies by role and s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 k
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ill level. The cybersecurity training curriculum must include training on the identification of each cybersecurity incident severity level referenced in sub-subparagraph (c)9.a. The training may be provided in collaboration with the Cybercrime Office of t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e Department of Law Enforcement, a private sector entity, or an institution of the State University System.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\
Information Technology\\Fla. Stat. _ 282.318.pdf\line \line Missouri:\line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 7\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 98.29.5:\line 
a. "Promote the recruitment and retention of cybersecurity talent in state service through activities such as specialized recruitment, outreach, and training efforts."\line b. "Develop a comprehensive cybersecurity workforce plan that outlines strateg
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 es for addressing the state\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s current and future cybersecurity workforce needs."\line 
c. "Establish and maintain partnerships with educational institutions to promote cybersecurity education and training programs."\line \hich\f1 d. "California Government Code \'a7\loch\f1  12162 states\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
that in collaboration with the California Community Colleges, the CSU, and the UC, the partnership shall encourage and support the development and implementation of innovative and effective postsecondary education cybersecurity programs."\line 
e. "Work with in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ustry partners to identify emerging cybersecurity technologies and skills needed in the state\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s cybersecurity workforce."\line 
f. "Coordinate resources and collaborate with other state agencies to enhance opportunities for cybersecurity workforce development a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d training."\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User
\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.29.5.pdf\line 2) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Government Code\\
Cal. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 G\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ovt. Code \'a7\loch\f1  12162.pdf\line \line Wisconsin:\line \hich\f1 According to Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952:\line \line 
1) The cybersecurity regulations address the cybersecurity workforce shortage and promote education and training initiatives as follows:\line \line 2) Risk assessment:\line \line 2(a) Identify reasonably f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
reseeable internal and external threats that could result in unauthorized access to or transmission, disclosure, misuse, alteration, or destruction of nonpublic information, including nonpublic information that is accessible to or held by 3rd-party servic
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  providers of the licensee.\line 
2(b) Assess the likelihood and potential damage of the threats identified under par. (a), taking into consideration the sensitivity of the nonpublic information.\line 2(c) Assess the sufficiency of policies, procedures, information 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ystems, and other safeguards to manage the threats identified under par. (a) in each relevant area of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s operations.\line \line 3) Risk management:\line 
\line 3(h) Provide personnel with cybersecurity awareness training that is updated as necessary.\line \line Reference:\line 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 )\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 
Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952.pdf\line \line Tennessee:\line \hich\f1 According to Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004:\line \line 
2. (E) Provide personnel with cybersecurity awareness training that is updated as necessary to reflect risks identified by the l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 censee in the risk assessment.\line \line References:\line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004.pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Education\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  49-6-805(2).pdf\line \line Oregon:\line 
State cybersecurity regulations addres\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 the cybersecurity workforce shortage and promote education and training initiatives by establishing a center to coordinate, fund, and provide awareness, education, and training about cybersecurity for various sectors. The regulations also focus on develo
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ing cybersecurity workforce programs in collaboration with public universities, community colleges, and other educational institutions. Additionally, the regulations support research on cybersecurity education methodologies and technologies. Efforts are m
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
de to identify gaps in workforce programs, develop cybersecurity education programs, and involve industry in internships and apprenticeship programs to recruit students into cybersecurity educational tracks.\line \line References:\line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Orego\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Information Technology\\\hich\f1 ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555.pdf\line \line Connecticut:\line \hich\f1 According to Conn. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  38a-38:
\line \line 1) State cybersecurity regulations do not directly address the cybersecurity workforce shortage and promote education and training initiatives. The statute p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
imarily focuses on the requirements related to insurance data security and the responsibilities of licensees in maintaining information security programs to protect nonpublic information.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Connecticut\\Insurance\\Con\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 . Gen. Stat. _ 38a-38.pdf\line \line Mississippi:\line \hich\f1 According to Miss. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  25-53-201:\line \line 
1) The state cybersecurity regulations address the workforce shortage and promote education and training initiatives by:\line (3)(l) Charging respective user agencies on a reimb\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rsement basis for their proportionate cost of the installation, maintenance, and operation of the cybersecurity systems and services; and\line (3)(m) Requiring cooperative utilization of cybersecurity systems and services by aggregating users.\line \line 
References:\line 1) \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urrent Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Government\\Miss. Code Ann. _ 25-53-201.pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Insurance\\
Miss. Code Ann. __ 83-5-807.pdf\line \line Oklahoma:\line According to LA R.S. 3481(1)(a)(b)(c)(d):\line State cybersecurity regulations address\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
the cybersecurity workforce shortage by promoting education and training initiatives, requiring the National Initiative for Cybersecurity Education (NICE) Framework to be used to establish educational programs that promote specific cybersecurity workforce
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 roles, provide students with cybersecurity experience, and increase awareness of the need for a skilled cybersecurity workforce.\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Regulation\\LA R.S. - RS 3481.pd\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 South Carolina:\line \hich\f1 According to S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20:\line 
\line (C)\line (5) provide its personnel with cybersecurity awareness training that is updated as necessary to reflect risks identified by the licensee in the risk assessment.\line \line (E)\line (1) If the licensee has a \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 oard of directors, the board or an appropriate committee of the board shall, at a minimum:\line 
(ii) material matters related to the information security program addressing issues such as risk assessment, risk management and control decisions, third-party serv\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ce provider arrangements, testing results, cybersecurity events or violations and management\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s responses, and recommendations for changes in the information security program.\line \line References:\line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\Insurance\\S.C. Code Ann.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20.pdf\line \line Indiana:\line 
I am sorry, but I couldn't locate any specific information related to state cybersecurity regulations addressing the cybersecurity workforce shortage and promoting education and training initiatives in the provided contexts. If y
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u have more specific details or another source, I would be happy to try to assist you further.\line \line References:\line 1) No specific information found.\line \line Utah:\line Summary:
\line Utah cybersecurity regulations address the workforce shortage and promote education and training \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
hrough the Cybersecurity Commission. The commission includes members with cybersecurity or IT experience and collaborates with state and federal entities like the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency to enhance information and protect against 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ulnerabilities.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63C-27-201.pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\
Cybersecurity Affirmative Defense Act\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  78B-4-703.pdf\line \line West Virginia:\line Summary:\line West Virginia's cyber\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
ecurity regulations, as outlined in W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 18-5-19e, address the cybersecurity workforce shortage by providing grants for computer science and cybersecurity instruction to adults. The State Superintendent of Schools is responsible for seeking, appl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ing for, administering, and distributing these grants. Recipients can use the grant money to cover expenses related to providing computer science and cybersecurity courses to adults, under the regulations of the State Department of Education. The State Su
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 erintendent of Schools also has the authority to provide necessary coordination and supervision for implementing these initiatives.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
West Virginia\\Education\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  18-5-19e.pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\W\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 st Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-4.pdf\line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-2.pdf\line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-3.pdf\line \line Maryland:\line 
According to Md. Economic Developme\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 t Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  10-491:\line c) The purposes of the Program are to:\line 
(1) create and execute a talent pipeline that materially reduces workforce vacancies by July 1, 2026;\line (2) serve as a one-stop shop for employers seeking to leverage cyber workforce development p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ograms offered by the State and its partners;\line (3) inform cybersecurity training and education programs operated by public or private entities with industry-driven needs;\line 
(4) build the most advanced local and State information technology workforce in the n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tion, which, to the maximum extent possible, reflects the racial, gender, ethnic, and geographic diversity of the State;\line (5) coordinate and accelerate cybersecurity research and innovation in the State; and\line 
(6) support the efforts of the Department of Inf\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rmation Technology to improve the State government's cybersecurity posture, including State agencies, local government units, and critical infrastructure.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Government\\
Md. Economic Development Code Ann. _ 10\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 -491.pdf\line \line Kansas:\line \hich\f1 According to K.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  75 -7240:\line 
1. State cybersecurity regulations address the cybersecurity workforce shortage through requirements for agency heads to "Participate in annual agency leadership training to ensure understanding of the pot\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ntial impact of common types of cyberattacks and data breaches on the agency\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s operations and assets." This includes educating them on how cyberattacks and data breaches may affect the operations of other governmental entities on the state enterprise netw\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rk.\line 
2. The regulations also promote education and training initiatives by mandating that "all employees with access to information technology receive a minimum of one hour of information technology security training per year" to enhance their understandin
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  of cyber threats and protection measures.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\K.S.A. _ 75-7240.pdf\line \line Arkansas:\line 
The response provided outlines the regulations regarding "connected" vehicles and the Commissioner of Transportation's a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
thority to establish standards for inspection and testing, as well as requirements for manufacturers to provide necessary information for diagnosis and repair of connected vehicles.\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\
RAG-app\\Current Cybers\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 curity Law\\Minnesota\\Traffic\\\hich\f1 Minn. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  12B.23.pdf\line \line Idaho:\line \hich\f1 According to Idaho Code \'a7\loch\f1  67 -827A:\line 
1) The state cybersecurity regulations address the cybersecurity workforce shortage and promote education and training initiatives through the following prov\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sions:\line 
(8) To coordinate with state agencies and officials to ensure that state agencies implement mandatory education and training of state employees and provide guidance on appropriate levels of training for various classifications of state employees.\line (
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 9\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
) To coordinate with appropriate state agencies to create, coordinate, publish, routinely update and market a statewide cybersecurity website as an information repository for intelligence-sharing and cybersecurity best practices.\line \line References:
\line 1) Current C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 bersecurity Law\\Idaho\\Government\\Idaho Code _ 67-827A.pdf\line \line North Carolina:\line Summary of Response:\line \line 
State cybersecurity regulations require the cooperation of principal departments and Council of State agencies with the State CIO to address cybersecurity iss\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
es. This includes reporting incidents, documenting security measures, forecasting needs, designating liaisons, and providing annual security awareness training. Information sharing between state agencies and the State CIO is protected from public disclosu
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e. Local government entities must also report incidents to the Department, with shared information being protected.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\
Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1379.pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity La\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 North Carolina\\Emergency Management\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 166A-19.12.pdf\line \line Texas:\line The response outlines how state cybersecurity regulations address the cybersecurity workforce shortage and promote education and training initiatives. The regulations mandate th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 cybersecurity council to provide recommendations to the legislature on implementing best practices and remediation strategies, assess the existing workforce's knowledge and skills to respond to cyber threats, and develop recommendations to address workfo
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ce deficiencies. Additionally, representatives from institutions of higher education, including the Information Technology Council for Higher Education, are appointed to the cybersecurity council to contribute to these initiatives.\line \line References:
\line 1) Current\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2054.512.pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 2054.519.pdf\line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2054.5191.pdf\line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Education\\Tex. Ed\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 c. Code 
\'a7\loch\f1  28.002.pdf\line \line California:\line \hich\f1 According to Ind. Code \'a7\loch\f1  4-13.1-4-4:\line Sec. 4. (a) The information security executive shall perform the following duties in coordination with:\line (1) the following:\line 
(A) The information security executive's agency and the agenc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 's information security officer.\line (B) The information security officer's agency.\line 
(C) The Indiana public access counselor established by IC 5-14-3.5.\line (2) other state agencies.\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 L
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 aw\\Indiana\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 Ind. Code \'a7\loch\f1  4-13.1-4-4.pdf\line \line Montana:\line \hich\f1 According to Indiana Code \'a7\loch\f1  4-13.8-4-3:\line 
1. State cybersecurity regulations consider cybersecurity workforce shortage by leveraging state personnel's educational backgrounds and trainin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 experiences to advance their cybersecurity knowledge and promote cybersecurity awareness.\line 
2. These regulations support the development of partnerships with institutions of higher education and private sector partners to establish programs aimed at enhanc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ng cybersecurity workforce competencies.\line 
3. They also encourage state agencies to collaborate with educational institutions and industry partners to design programs that cultivate cybersecurity expertise among state personnel, thereby addressing workforce\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 shortage challenges while advancing education and training initiatives.\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\State Regulations\\
Ind. Code _ 4-13.8-4-3.pdf\line \line Massachusetts:\line I cannot provide an answer at\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
the moment as there is no specific information on how state cybersecurity regulations address the cybersecurity workforce shortage and promote education and training initiatives in the given context.\line \line Iowa:\line \hich\f1 According to Iowa Code 
\'a7\loch\f1  554G.3:\line 1. A covered en\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ity\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s cybersecurity program can reasonably conform to industry-recognized frameworks, such as the framework for improving critical infrastructure cybersecurity, National Institute of Standards and Technology publications, federal risk and authorization ma
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 agement programs, Center for Internet Security controls, and international security management systems.\line 
2. The cybersecurity program should comply with regulations like the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, Gramm-Leach-Bliley Ac\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
, Information Security Modernization Act, Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, and other critical infrastructure protection guidelines.\line 
3. The program must also adhere to the payment card industry data security standard and \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ther applicable cybersecurity frameworks.\line 
4. When revisions are made to the frameworks, covered entities must update their cybersecurity programs within specified timeframes to maintain compliance.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Commerce\\I
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 wa Code _ 554G.3.pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Insurance\\Iowa Code _ 507F.4.pdf\line \line New Jersey:\line According to Assembly Bill 2516:\line 
1. Establish a dedicated Cybersecurity Integration Center for transportation service providers "for sharing cybersecurity\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 information, best practices, and threat information in real time."
\line 2. Encourages state and regional transportation agencies to "develop and implement training programs and tools for employees directly involved in cybersecurity measures."\line 3. Requires the d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 velopment of a "statewide plan to further the training and development of a robust cybersecurity workforce within the state" through a partnership with educational institutions.\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User
\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ty Law\\California\\Assembly Bill 2516.pdf\line \line Washington:\line 
State cybersecurity regulations address the cybersecurity workforce shortage and promote education and training initiatives by requiring each state agency, institution of higher education, the legislat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 re, and the judiciary to develop an information technology security program consistent with the office of cybersecurity\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s standards and policies. In the case of institutions of higher education, the judiciary, and the legislature, each information technol\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
gy security program must be comparable to the intended outcomes of the office of cybersecurity\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s security standards and policies.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 
Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450(2).pdf\line 2) Current Cyberse\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450.pdf\line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.054.pdf\line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Military\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  38.52.040.pdf\line \line Lou
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 siana:\line 
State cybersecurity regulations address the cybersecurity workforce shortage and promote education and training initiatives by implementing training programs through the Department of State Civil Service to enhance information security habits, dete
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
t and address threats. The Department also provides this education and training to state agencies and political subdivisions at minimal cost to ensure compliance. Additionally, all employees with access to information technology assets must complete cyber
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecurity training, including contractors working with state or local government agencies.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Government\\La. R.S. _ 42_1267.pdf
\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Education\\La. R.S. _ 17_3138.9.pdf\line \line Maine\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :\line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 **Summary:**\line \hich\f1 
State cybersecurity regulations, as outlined in Legislation Code 24-A M.R.S. \'a7\loch\f1  2264, require licensees to conduct risk assessments, designate responsible individuals, identify potential threats to nonpublic information, assess threat likelih
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 od and damage, evaluate existing safeguards and policies, and annually review the effectiveness of controls and procedures.\line \line **Reference:**\line 1) [Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine
\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf](static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insura\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ce\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf)\line \line Alabama:\line According to California Assembly Bill AB 2074:\line 
1. The bill would require the California State Department of Education, in consultation with industry partners and cybersecurity stakeholders, to develop model curriculum \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
or kindergarten and grades 1 to 12, inclusive, and offer professional development to teachers on the cybersecurity concepts identified in existing standards.\line 
2. The bill would authorize the Instructional Quality Commission to develop, and the state board \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
o adopt, academic content standards in cybersecurity in kindergarten and grades 1 to 12, inclusive.\line 
3. The bill would require the University of California, the California State University, and the California Community Colleges, in consultation with indust\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y partners and cybersecurity stakeholders, to develop model curriculum that can be integrated into existing degree programs.\line 
4. The bill would require the Employment Training Panel to provide training on cybersecurity, provide funds to small- and medium-s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
zed nonprofit organizations to provide training on cybersecurity, and conduct outreach and marketing to promote the state's cybersecurity education and training programs.\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 California\\Legislation\\AB 2074.pdf\line \line North Dakota:\line 
Summary of response: The state cybersecurity regulations in North Dakota address the acquisition of information technology by executive branch agencies, require conformance with information technology plan\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  and statewide policies, and development of guidelines for IT reports from various branches. Specific details can be found in N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  54-59-05.\line \line References:\line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  54-59-05.pdf\line 2)\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 
N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-03.pdf\line \line Alaska:\line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.82:\line 
1. (a) The department, in collaboration with the Governor's Office of Business and Economic Development and the Cybersecu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ity Task Force, shall promote the cybersecurity workforce through the Cybersecurity Task Force and grant programs that support education and workforce development initiatives.\line 
2. (b) Participants in the Cybersecurity Task Force shall include representativ\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s from the community college system with a cybersecurity workforce education program.\line 
3. (d) prioritize focus areas for cybersecurity workforce development grants, consistent with the report requirements in paragraph (3) of subdivision (e) of Section 6 of\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Chapter 625 of the Statutes of 2017.\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.82.pdf\line \line Ohio:\line 
The state cybersecurity regulations address the cybersecurity workforce shortage and \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
romote education and training initiatives by requiring each state agency to develop an information technology security strategic plan with the assistance of the chief information security officer. Additionally, state agencies must prepare a privacy impact
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
statement before implementing any information technology data system. The regulations also require the chief information security officer to assist in the state's efforts to grow the cybersecurity industry.\line \line References:\line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\G\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 vernment\\ORC Ann. 125.18.pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\ORC Ann. 3965.02.pdf\line \line Pennsylvania:\line \hich\f1 
According to 40 Pa.C.S. \'a7\loch\f1  4513:\line \line (a) Requirement for implementation and objectives:\line (5) Provide its personnel with cybersecurity awareness trainin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 that is updated as necessary to reflect risks identified by the licensee in the risk assessment.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1  4513.pdf\line \line New Mexico:\line \hich\f1 
According to N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  9-27A-3:\line B. Except as required by f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
deral law, the cybersecurity office shall oversee, in a fiscally responsible manner, cybersecurity- and information security-related functions for agencies and may:\line 
(11) develop and issue cybersecurity awareness policies and training standards and develop\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 and offer cybersecurity training services.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
New Mexico\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  9-27A-3.pdf\line \line Kentucky:\line Summary: State cybersecurity regulations in Kentucky address the cybersecurity workforce shorta\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e and promote education and training initiatives by providing consulting, technical assistance, education, and training on information technologies to state and local agencies. Additionally, they offer general consulting services, technical training, and 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 upport for software applications to local governments, staff support to advisory councils, and prepare legislation to enhance information technology implementation.\line \line References:
\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Finance\\KRS _ 42.726.pdf\line 2) Current Cyb\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rsecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Insurance\\KRS _ 304.3-756.pdf\line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\
Finance\\KRS _ 292.336.pdf\line \line Hawaii:\line \hich\f1 The state cybersecurity regulations, as outlined in Legislation code HRS \'a7\loch\f1  128B-1, address the cybersecurity workforce shortage a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
d promote education and training initiatives by developing measures to: improve cyber resiliency within the state; enhance critical infrastructure network and resiliency; utilize existing resources for cybersecurity improvement; accelerate growth of the c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
bersecurity industry; secure funding for cybersecurity activities and educational programs; form partnerships for cyber resiliency; and expand cybersecurity understanding and workforce through education initiatives.\line \line References:\line 
1) Current Cybersecurity L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\\Hawaii\\Communications\\HRS _ 128B-1.pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Insurance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-203.pdf\line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Insurance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-302.pdf\line \line Minnesota:\line The response indicates that unde\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  Minn. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 60A.9851, the licensee's board of directors or an appropriate committee must ensure executive management develops, implements, and maintains an information security program. Additionally, the executive management must provide written annual
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
reports on the status of the information security program and compliance, addressing various cybersecurity aspects. If the management delegates responsibilities, they must oversee the program's development and receive reports from the delegate.\line 
\line Reference\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :\line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Insurance\\Minn. Stat. _ 60A.9851.pdf (Contexts 3 and 4)\line \line South Dakota:\line 
I'm sorry, but there is no provided context to answer your question on how state cybersecurity regulations address the cybersecurity workforce s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ortage and promote education and training initiatives. Please provide the necessary context so I can assist you effectively.\line \line Illinois:\line According to 20 ILCS 1375/5-30:\line 
Every employee of a county or municipality shall annually complete a cybersecurity trai\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ing program. The training shall include, but need not be limited to, detecting phishing scams, preventing spyware infections and identity theft, and preventing and responding to data breaches. The Department shall make available to each county and municip
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lity a training program for employees that complies with the content requirements of this Section. A county or municipality may create its own cybersecurity training program.\line \line 
References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Government\\20 ILCS 1375_5-30.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 df\line \line 
State cybersecurity regulations address the cybersecurity workforce shortage and promote education and training initiatives through various measures. These include providing cybersecurity awareness training to personnel, updating the training as neces
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ary based on risk assessments, and establishing relationships with educational institutions to develop cybersecurity workforce programs. Additionally, oversight by the board of directors, risk assessment, risk management, oversight of third-party service 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
roviders, program adjustments, incident response planning, and annual certification to the Commissioner of the domiciliary state are key components outlined in the regulations. The regulations also involve collaboration with industry partners to provide t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
aining aligned with employer needs, address the shortage of cybersecurity professionals, and prepare individuals for entry into the cybersecurity workforce. Efforts are made to promote education and training in cybersecurity, enhance statewide cyberinfras
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ructure security, and encourage the exchange of information to improve the delivery of state programs and services.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid6846124 \line }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6846124 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e50000000000000000000000009005
5d0dffddda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}