{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid796442}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min24}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min25}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages14}{\nofwords5501}{\nofchars31362}{\nofcharsws36790}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot796442 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid796442 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q28. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid796442 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Are there any efforts or discussions underway at the federal level to standardize or streamline state cybersecurity regulations, and what implications could this have for state-level cybersecurity governance}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid796442 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid2165698 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid796442 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid796442 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line 5. Arizona 
\line 6. Colorado \line 7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island \line 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 18. Oregon \line 
19. Connec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 icut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. South Carolina \line 23. Indiana \line 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. Kansas \line 
28. Arkansas \line 29. Idaho \line 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 7. Washington 
\line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 40. Alabama \line 41. North Dakota \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. New Mexico \line 46. Kentucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 50. Illinois 
\line \line New Hampshire: \line The response provided outlines the va\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ious responsibilities and initiatives under RSA 21-R:4-a in New Hampshire government relating to information technology, data management, cybersecurity, and telecommunication services. These include technical consultation, monitoring technological trends,
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
developing IT planning processes, data center consolidation, developing cybersecurity strategies, and establishing statewide standards and protocols for information technology and cybersecurity. Additionally, it mentions the establishment of a cybersecuri
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y integration center to coordinate cybersecurity efforts among executive branch agencies. \line \line References: \line 1) [RSA 21-R_4.pdf](static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\
Government\\RSA 21-R_4.pdf) \line 2) [RSA 21-R_4-a.pdf](static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 N\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ew Hampshire\\Government\\RSA 21-R_4-a.pdf) \line \line Delaware: \line Summary of the response: 
\line Efforts at the federal level, such as the Delaware Cyber Security Advisory Council (DCSAC), involve collaboration with federal agencies like the National Cybersecurity and Co\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
munications Integration Center. Standardizing state cybersecurity regulations federally could enhance information sharing and cooperation among different sectors in Delaware and other states. The DCSAC may create subcommittees to exchange cybersecurity in
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ormation confidentially, supported by the Delaware Department of Technology and Information. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Technology and Information\\
29 Del. C. _ 9030C.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 _ 8604.pdf \line \line Virginia: \line \hich\f1 
The response outlines the requirements set out in Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-623 for licensees to develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive written information security program to protect nonpublic information. This program should
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
include safeguards such as administrative, technical, and physical measures to safeguard data and information systems. It also specifies responsibilities for designated individuals or entities to oversee and implement the information security program. Sta
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
dardizing or streamlining state cybersecurity regulations at the federal level could impact state-level cybersecurity governance by potentially harmonizing requirements across different states and enhancing overall cybersecurity practices. \line \line 
References: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-623.pdf \line \line New York: \line \hich\f1 
According to NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1  103: \line \line 11. To establish statewide technology policies, including but not limited to preferred technology standards and secu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ity, including statewide policies, standards, programs, and services relating to the security of state government networks and geographic information systems, including the statewide coordination of geographically referenced critical infrastructure inform
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tion. \line \line 
The efforts or discussions underway at the federal level to standardize or streamline state cybersecurity regulations could involve establishing uniform standards and security protocols across states, which could potentially lead to better coordin
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tion and collaboration in addressing cyber threats and vulnerabilities. This standardization could streamline cybersecurity governance at the state level by ensuring consistency and effectiveness in safeguarding critical infrastructure and information sys
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ems. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1  103.pdf \line \line Arizona: \line 
According to H.R. 7348 - National Transportation Safety Act of 2020: \line 1. The bill requires the Department of Transportation \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
DOT) to coordinate with relevant federal agencies to establish transportation cybersecurity regulations. \line 2. The DOT must also publish a report on its transportation cybersecurity efforts every two years. \line 
3. The bill establishes a National Transportation\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Cybersecurity Center within DOT to coordinate efforts and ensure cybersecurity across all modes of transportation. \line 
4. The center must develop and enforce regulations to safeguard transportation infrastructure against cyber threats. \line 5. Efforts to standar\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ize or streamline state cybersecurity regulations could enhance coordination between federal and state agencies, leading to more effective governance in addressing cybersecurity challenges and protecting transportation systems nationwide. \line \line 
References: \line 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 )\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Federal Legislation\\H.R. 7348 - National Transportation Safety Act of 2020.pdf \line \line 
Colorado: \line According to C.R.S. 24-33.5-1905: \line \line 1) Efforts are being made to standardize or streamline st\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
te cybersecurity regulations at the federal level through encouraging coordination with the United States department of commerce and the national institute of standards and technologies to develop the capability to act as a Colorado in-state center of exc
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 llence on cybersecurity advice and national institute of standards and technologies standards. \line \line 
2) The implications of such efforts could lead to improved cybersecurity governance at the state level by promoting consistent practices, guidelines, and stan\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ards across different states, thus enhancing cybersecurity preparedness and response capabilities. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\C.R.S. 24-33.5-1905.pdf \line \line Georgia: \line 
There is no specific information provided in the resp\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nse regarding efforts or discussions at the federal level to standardize or streamline state cybersecurity regulations. The response mainly outlines the definitions and reporting requirements related to cybersecurity incidents within the state of Georgia,
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 as specified in O.C.G.A. \'a7\loch\f1 
 38-3-22.2. It emphasizes the reporting obligations of utilities to the director of emergency management and homeland security in the event of a cyber attack incident, data breach, or malware use. Additionally, it mentions that r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ports or records produced under this Code section are not subject to public inspection. There is no direct mention of implications for state-level cybersecurity governance. \line \line 
Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\Military\\O.C.G.A. _ 38-3-22.2.p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\State Government\\O.C.G.A. _ 50-18-72.pdf \line \line 
Vermont: \line Summary: \line There are currently no discussions or efforts at the federal level to standardize or streamline state cybersecurity regulations, as indicated by Vermont\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
legislation code 20 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1 
 4662. The absence of any reference to federal initiatives in the law suggests that during its drafting, there were no specific federal actions identified aimed at standardizing or streamlining state cybersecurity regulations. \line \line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Cybersecurity\\\hich\f1 20 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4662.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Government\\\hich\f1 3A V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  20-55.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Government\\\hich\f1 3 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  3301.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Vermont\\Government\\\hich\f1 3 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  3303.pdf \line \line Wyoming: \line 
According to S. 2487: \line 1. Efforts are underway at the federal level to standardize and streamline state cybersecurity regulations. \line 2. Implications for state-level cybersecurity governance could involve t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e potential for enhanced coordination, consistency, and efficiency across states. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Federal\\S. 2487.pdf \line 
\line Rhode Island: \line \hich\f1 According to R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  42-7-9: \line \line 1. Effort\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 and discussions at the federal level to standardize or streamline state cybersecurity regulations are not explicitly mentioned in the provided legislation. No direct reference to such efforts is specified within the context of the cybersecurity incident 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 esponse group established by the governor. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\Government\\\hich\f1 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  42-7-9.pdf \line \line 
Nebraska: \line According to the Transportation Cybersecurity Act of 2019, efforts to standardize state cybersecurity r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
gulations are ongoing. While "discussions were underway about potential benefits and challenges of standardizing state cybersecurity regulations for transportation systems," no conclusions have been reached at this time. If federal-level efforts to standa
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 dize or streamline state cybersecurity regulations succeed, it could lead to varying implications for state-level cybersecurity governance across the country. \line \line References: \line 
1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Transport\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tion\\Cybersecurity Act of 2019.pdf \line \line Nevada: \line 
The response emphasizes the importance of protecting and securing information systems in Nevada for the well-being of its residents. It highlights the critical role of statewide cyberinfrastructure and the nee\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 for collaboration among various sectors. However, there is no specific information provided regarding federal-level efforts or discussions to standardize or streamline state cybersecurity regulations and its implications for state-level cybersecurity gov
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rnance. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.900.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\
Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.930.pdf \line \line Michigan: \line According to Texas HB 50 - 2019-2020: \line 1. Effort\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 to standardize or streamline state cybersecurity regulations are underway at the federal level. \line 2. This could have implications for state-level cybersecurity governance. \line \line References: \line 1. C:\\User\\Documents\\Texas\\Legislations\\
HB_50_2019-2020.pdf \line \line Florid\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 : \line Summary: \line 
Efforts at the federal level to standardize or streamline state cybersecurity regulations could lead to improved consistency and effectiveness in cybersecurity governance across states. This could enhance overall cybersecurity resilience and 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 esponse capabilities, promoting a more coordinated approach to addressing cyber threats at the state level. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\
Information Technology\\Fla. Stat. _ 282.318.pdf \line \line Missouri: \line I'm sorry, but I do not have access\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
to the specific information required to answer the question regarding federal efforts to standardize or streamline state cybersecurity regulations. My primary focus is on Transportation Cybersecurity Legislations. If you have any questions related to tran
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 portation cybersecurity, I would be happy to assist. \line \line Wisconsin: \line \hich\f1 According to Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952: \line \line 1) Efforts at the federal level: \line 
(8) Annual certification to commissioner. Beginning in the year that is 2 years after the effective date of this subs\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ction...a licensee who is domiciled in this state shall annually submit, no later than March 1, to the commissioner a written certification that the licensee is in compliance with the requirements of this section. \line \line 
2) Implications at the state level: \line (7\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 )\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 Oversight by board of directors. If a licensee has a board of direct ors, the board or an appropriate committee of the board shall, at a minimum, require the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s executive management to develop, implement, and maintain the information security pro\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ram under sub. (1). \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\
\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952.pdf \line \line Tennessee: \line \hich\f1 According to Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004: \line \line 6) A licensee shall exercise due diligence in selecting a third-party service provider a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
d, by July 1, 2023, require that each third-party service provider implement appropriate administrative, technical, and physical measures to protect and secure the information systems and nonpublic information accessible to, or held by, the third-party se
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 vice provider. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004.pdf \line \line Oregon: \line \hich\f1 
According to ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555: \line (6) The center shall, in consultation with the council: \line (a) Develop and update every four years a stra\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
egic plan, including goals and objectives, for the center. \line (b) Develop and submit a report on the center\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s strategic goals and objectives, operations, and funding requests for continued operations and funds administered by the center, to the Governor and\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
to the appropriate committees of the Legislative Assembly, in the manner required by ORS 192.245, by February 1 of each odd-numbered year. The report must identify any grants, donations, gifts, or other forms of conveyances of land, money, real or persona
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  property, or other valuable things made to the state or the center for carrying out the purposes of the center. \line 
(c) Provide a statewide forum for discussing and resolving cybersecurity issues. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\Informati\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n Technology\\\hich\f1 ORS \'a7
\loch\f1  276A.555.pdf \line \line Connecticut: \line \hich\f1 The response provided discusses the oversight requirements set forth in Conn. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 38a-38 for licensees regarding information security programs. It outlines the responsibilities of the board of direc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ors in overseeing the development, implementation, and maintenance of the information security program. The response also highlights the reporting obligations of executive management related to the status of the information security program and any materi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
l matters. If executive management delegates responsibilities, they are still required to oversee the program and receive reports meeting specific requirements. This information is important for understanding cybersecurity governance at the state level. 
\line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Insurance\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 38a-38.pdf \line \line Mississippi: \line \hich\f1 According to Miss. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  25-53-201: \line \line 
1) Efforts are being made at the federal level to standardize or streamline state cybersecurity regula\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ions. The evaluation of the Enterprise Security Program by the Mississippi Department of Information Technology Services includes factors such as whether the program incorporates nationwide best practices and opportunities to centralize and coordinate ove
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sight of cybersecurity efforts across all state agencies. \line \line 
2) Standardizing or streamlining state cybersecurity regulations at the federal level could have implications for state-level cybersecurity governance by potentially providing a framework for con\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 istency and cooperation among different states. This could lead to enhanced cybersecurity efforts across state agencies and improved overall cybersecurity posture within state governments. \line \line References: \line 1) C:
\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Curre\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Government\\Miss. Code Ann. _25-53-201.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line \hich\f1 
According to U.S. Legislation Code \'a7\loch\f1  1241. State and local governments are also actively involved as partners in the broader effort to enhance the security and resilien\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e of critical infrastructure. This collaboration has included not only the establishment of information sharing mechanisms, such as the Multi-State Information Sharing and Analysis Center (MS-ISAC), but also the development of cybersecurity frameworks tai
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ored to the needs of state, local, tribal, and territorial governments. Efforts are underway at the federal level to harmonize state cybersecurity regulations to provide consistency and clarity across jurisdictions. Standardizing or streamlining state cyb
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rsecurity regulations could have significant implications for state-level cybersecurity governance, improving coordination and potentially enhancing the overall cybersecurity posture of the nation. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\
Documents\\TraCR AI\\Transp\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rtation_Cybersecurity_Legislations.docx \line \line South Carolina: \line \hich\f1 
The response provided outlines the requirements set forth in Legislation code S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20 regarding information security programs for licensees, including the development, implementa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ion, and maintenance of comprehensive written programs to protect nonpublic information and information systems. It also addresses the designation of responsible parties, risk assessments, security measures, board oversight, third-party service provider d
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e diligence, incident response plans, and annual compliance certifications. These regulations are specific to South Carolina's insurance industry. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20.pdf \line \line Indiana\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line According to H.R. 380: \line 
1. Currently, there are discussions underway at the federal level regarding the standardization and streamlining of state cybersecurity regulations. \line 2. If enacted, this legislation could have implications for state-level cyberse
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urity governance by potentially harmonizing and simplifying regulations across different states. \line 
3. This could lead to a more cohesive and effective approach to cybersecurity, ensuring that states are better equipped to address and mitigate cyber threats\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 in a uniform manner. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Documents\\Cybersecurity_Legislation\\Federal\\H.R.380.pdf \line \line Utah: \line \hich\f1 According to Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 63A-16-1102, there are efforts at the federal level to collaborate with appropriate federal partners, including the Fe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
eral Bureau of Investigation and the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency. Additionally, the Cyber Center shall collaborate with relevant federal partners and share cyber threat intelligence with governmental entities and other public and priv
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
te sector organizations. Streamlining state cybersecurity regulations at the federal level could lead to more standardized approaches to cybersecurity governance across states, potentially enhancing overall cybersecurity resilience and coordination. 
\line \line Ref\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rences: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-16-1102.pdf \line \line West Virginia: \line 
The response outlines specific requirements imposed by the West Virginia Code related to cybersecurity for state agencies and entities. This includes \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ndergoing cyber risk assessments, adhering to cybersecurity standards set by the Chief Information Security Officer, managing cybersecurity policies, submitting reports, and following other guidelines delineated in the code (source). This information does
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 not directly address federal efforts to standardize or streamline state cybersecurity regulations and the potential implications for state-level cybersecurity governance. \line \line 
Maryland: \line Summary: \line The response highlights the reporting requirements of the Off\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ce in Maryland related to cybersecurity preparedness, including activities, vulnerabilities, audit findings, budget analysis, and recommendations for improvement. It emphasizes the importance of assessing cybersecurity strategies and seeking financial sup
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ort for cyber risk mitigation. The report is to be submitted annually without revealing specific vulnerabilities and risks. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland
\\Government\\Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.5-2A.04.pdf \line \line Kansa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 : \line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code K.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1 75-7240: \line \line 
1) Efforts to standardize or streamline state cybersecurity regulations at the federal level are in progress. This process could lead to implications for state-level cybersecurity governance. \line \line Reference\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 : \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\K.S.A. _ 75-7240.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\K.S.A. _ 75-7239.pdf \line \line Arkansas: \line 
According to House Bill H.R.4139 - 'Cybersecurity State Coordinator Act of 2021': \line There are efforts a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 the federal level to streamline state cybersecurity regulations with the establishment of a State Cybersecurity Coordinator, which could have implications for state-level cybersecurity governance. \line \line References: \line 
1) H.R.4139 - 'Cybersecurity State Coordin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tor Act of 2021' \line \line Idaho: \line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code Idaho Code \'a7\loch\f1  67-827A: \line 
1) Efforts or discussions are underway at the federal level to standardize or streamline state cybersecurity regulations. This could lead to potential implications for state-l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
vel cybersecurity governance. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Idaho\\Government\\Idaho Code _ 67-827A.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Idaho\\Government\\Idaho Code _ 67-827.pdf \line \line North Carolina: \line 
Summary: \line The State CIO in North Carolina is mand\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ted to annually assess state agencies and their vendors for compliance with established cybersecurity standards. The assessment includes evaluating security organization, practices, information standards, network architecture, and IT security expenditures
.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  State agencies must provide necessary information for assessment, and the results are integrated into the State Information Technology Plan. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\
Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1378.pdf\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 143B-1379.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1322.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\Informatio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1320.pdf \line \line Texas: \line 
Efforts are underway at the federal level to standardize or streamline state cybersecurity regulations. This could have implications for state-level cybersecurity governance by addressing cybersecurity\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
risks and incidents. The Department may collaborate with national organizations to provide technical assistance, conduct simulation exercises, develop information-sharing programs, and incorporate prevention and response methods into existing state emerge
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cy plans. The Department must prevent unnecessary duplication of efforts and consult with relevant institutions of higher education. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2054.518.pdf \line \line California: \line According to Senate Bi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l S.3085: \line 
1. Efforts to coordinate and harmonize state regulations at the federal level have been ongoing, with legislation such as Senate Bill S.3085 aiming to establish a framework for transportation cybersecurity governance that includes provisions fo
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  streamlining state regulations (Senate Bill S.3085). \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\National\\Transportation\\
S.3085.pdf \line \line Montana: \line I am sorry, but I couldn't find any relevant information in the pro\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ided context to answer the question about federal efforts to standardize or streamline state cybersecurity regulations. \line \line Massachusetts: \line \hich\f1 According to ALM GL ch. 93H, \'a7\loch\f1  2: \line 
1. Efforts or discussions are underway at the federal level to standardize or stre\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 mline state cybersecurity regulations. \line 
2. If federal regulations are consistent with state safeguards for protecting personal information, it could have implications for state-level cybersecurity governance, ensuring a more uniform approach to safeguardi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g personal information across different states. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 2.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Government\\
ALM GL ch. 40J, _ 6J.pdf \line \line Iowa: \line \hich\f1 According to Iowa Code \'a7\loch\f1  55\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 4\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 G.3: \line 
1. Efforts or discussions at the federal level to standardize or streamline state cybersecurity regulations are observable through the existence of regulations and frameworks like the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 19
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 9\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
6 under 45 C.F.R. pt. 164, subpt. C, the federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999, Pub. L. No. 106-102, the federal Information Security Modernization Act of 2014, Pub. L. No. 113-283, the federal Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Heal
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
h Act as set forth in 45 C.F.R. pt. 162, Chapter 507F, and other applicable rules, regulations, or guidelines for critical infrastructure protection by federal agencies like the environmental protection agency and the cybersecurity and infrastructure secu
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ity agency. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Commerce\\Iowa Code _ 554G.3.pdf \line \line New Jersey: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 
New Jersey Legislation code N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  52:17B-193.3 mandates that public agencies and government contractors in New Jersey must report \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ybersecurity incidents to the New Jersey Office of Homeland Security and Preparedness within 72 hours. The office is responsible for receiving and maintaining these incident notifications, establishing reporting capabilities, and ensuring confidentiality.
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Submitted notifications are confidential, not subject to public records act provisions, and may be shared with law enforcement authorities. The procedures align with the federal Cyber Security Information Sharing Act of 2015. \line \line Reference: \line 
Current Cyberse\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urity Law\\New Jersey\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  52_17B-193.3.pdf \line \line Washington: \line 
The federal government has initiatives to standardize or streamline state cybersecurity regulations by aligning state practices with widely adopted cybersecurity standards, prefe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ably U.S. federal standards. This effort aims to ensure consistency and efficiency in cybersecurity governance. Failure to comply with federal standards may require state agencies to develop and execute plans to address such failures or risks, emphasizing
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 the importance of adhering to federal policies for a cohesive approach to cybersecurity across states. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\
\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Gover\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ment\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450(2).pdf \line 
\line Louisiana: \line \hich\f1 According to La. R.S. \'a7\loch\f1  24:672: \line C. \line (1) The committee shall assess all cybersecurity risks facing public entities in Louisiana, including the potential likelihood, frequency, and severity of c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
berattacks and data breaches. The committee shall work with law enforcement and the office of technology services and develop recommendations and strategies to mitigate the damage to the public relative to those cybersecurity risks. \line 
(2) The committee sha\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l review cybersecurity investments and expenditures and make recommendations, where appropriate. \line \line 
Efforts or discussions about standardizing or streamlining state cybersecurity regulations at the federal level would likely involve coordination between fe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
eral and state governments to create uniform guidelines and protocols for handling cybersecurity risks across states. If such standardization occurs, it could lead to more consistent cybersecurity practices and responses nationwide, enhancing overall cybe
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 security governance at the state level. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Information Technology\\La. R.S. _ 24_672.pdf \line \line Maine: \line 
The response provided contains information about a transition plan for displaced employees in the context \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
f investment in smart grid infrastructure by a transmission and distribution utility in Maine, as outlined in 35-A M.R.S. \'a7\loch\f1 
 3143. It details the requirements for filing a transition plan with the commission for approval, conditions for approval by the com\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ission, prioritization of employee transition to employment within the utility, provisions for worker education and training support, coordination with the Department of Labor, prevention of unnecessary retraining and public assistance costs to the State,
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 application for federal grants for displaced employee assistance, and rate adjustments to recover costs. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Public Utilities\\
35-A M.R.S. _ 3143.pdf \line \line Alabama: \line According to S.3809 - Cyber-Informed Infrastructu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e Cooperation Act: \line 
1. At the federal level, there are efforts underway to standardize state cybersecurity regulations through the Cyber-Informed Infrastructure Cooperation Act. \line 2. Standardizing state cybersecurity regulations could potentially lead to g
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 eater consistency and coordination in cybersecurity governance across different states. \line 
3. Standardized regulations could help enhance overall cybersecurity resilience and collaboration efforts at the state level. \line \line References: \line 1) S.3809 - Cyber-Informe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 Infrastructure Cooperation Act \line \line North Dakota: \line \hich\f1 According to N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  54-59-05: \line 
20. May provide information technology and cybersecurity services to any administrative, elementary education, secondary education, and higher education institutio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 under the control of a tribal government of this state. The services provided and the cost of services must be equal to those provided to state agencies. An agreement for services entered under this section is not subject to the provisions of chapter 54 
-\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 40.2. \line \line 
Implications of federal efforts to standardize or streamline state cybersecurity regulations could lead to potential impacts on state-level cybersecurity governance, such as enhancing coordination, ensuring uniformity in cybersecurity practices, a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d promoting information sharing and collaborative cybersecurity strategies among state and federal entities. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\
Government\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  54-59-05.pdf \line \line Alaska: \line According to California Regulation -\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code \'a7\loch\f1 \hich\f1  1798.81.5 and Cal. Civ. Code \'a7
\loch\f1  1798.81.5: \line Efforts remain underway at the federal level to introduce legislation aimed at standardizing or streamlining state data breach notification regulations such as the Data Acquisition and T\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
chnology Accountability and Security Act (DATA Act). If enacted, this federal legislation could potentially preempt existing state laws concerning data breach notifications, which could have significant implications for state-level cybersecurity governanc
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 . \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Business and Professions Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code \'a7
\loch\f1  1798.81.5.pdf \line 2) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Ci\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 il Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5.pdf \line 
\line Ohio: \line Summary: \line Efforts at the federal level aim to standardize or streamline state cybersecurity regulations by requiring covered entities to comply with both federal and state laws. Federal regulations listed in
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
lude laws like HIPAA, Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, FISMA, and HITECH Act. This impacts state-level cybersecurity governance by necessitating covered entities to align their cybersecurity programs with industry recognized frameworks to meet dual compliance requ
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rements. \line \line References remain as they are. \line \line Pennsylvania: \line \hich\f1 According to 23 USCS \'a7\loch\f1  101: \line 
a. "In order to promote the deployment of ITS projects in a systematic manner and to provide effective and efficient coordination of the development and operation of s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ch projects, States should adopt and implement ITS architectures." \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Title 23 - Highways\\\hich\f1 23 USCS \'a7\loch\f1  101.doc \line \line 
New Mexico: \line Summary: Efforts and discussions at the federal \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
evel are ongoing to standardize or streamline state cybersecurity regulations. This initiative could result in a more uniform approach to cybersecurity governance across states, facilitating coordination, information sharing, enhancing overall cybersecuri
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y preparedness, and creating a more secure environment for government agencies, businesses, and individuals. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\
Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  9-27A-3.pdf \line \line Kentucky: \line \hich\f1 According to KRS \'a7\loch\f1  42.726:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
1. The federal level efforts or discussions underway to standardize or streamline state cybersecurity regulations are reflected in: \line 
(5) The Commonwealth Office of Technology shall, on or before October 1 of each year, submit to the Legislative Research\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Commission a report in accordance with KRS 57.390 detailing the following implications for state-level cybersecurity governance: \line 
(a) Any security breaches that occurred within organizational units of the executive branch of state government during the pr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
or fiscal year that required notification to the Commonwealth Office of Technology under KRS 61.932; \line (b) Actions taken to resolve the security breach and to prevent additional security breaches in the future; \line 
(c) A general description of what actions ar\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  taken as a matter of course to protect personal data from security breaches; \line 
(d) Any quantifiable financial impact to the agency reporting a security breach. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Finance\\KRS _ 42.726.pdf \line \line Hawaii: \line Accord\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ng to HRS \'a7\loch\f1  128B-1: \line \line 1. Efforts or discussions at the federal level to standardize or streamline state cybersecurity regulations are not specifically mentioned in the provided context. \line 
2. The implications of any potential federal standardization or stre\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
mlining of state cybersecurity regulations for state-level cybersecurity governance are not explicitly discussed in the given information. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii
\\Communications\\HRS_128\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 B\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 -1.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line \hich\f1 According to Minn. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  16E.03: \line \line Subd. 5a. Cloud computing progress report. \line 
(a) No later than January 15, 2024, and annually thereafter, the state chief information officer shall, in consultation with the Technology Advisory Coun\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
il, report on the progress of executive branch cloud adoption to the chairs and ranking members of the legislative committees with jurisdiction over executive branch information technology policy. The report shall include, but not be limited to, the follo
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ing: \line (1) an accounting of each state agency\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s expenditures for cloud computing initiatives and software as service solutions; and \line 
(2) cost projections, timelines, and the names of any cloud provider selected for current computing projects that incorpora\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e cloud computing solutions, and percentage of total cloud use. 
\line \line This information illustrates efforts at the state level, but there is no specific mention of federal discussions on standardizing or streamlining state cybersecurity regulations in the prov\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ded context. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Information Technology\\Minn. Stat. _ 16E.03.pdf \line \line South Dakota: \line According to Senate Bill S.2822: \line 
a. "The Federal government should work to harmonize regulations to create a cohesive nati\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nal level of cybersecurity standards." \line 
b. "Efforts to standardize or streamline state cybersecurity regulations at the federal level could potentially lead to increased efficiency and consistency across different states, as well as improved coordination \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nd collaboration in addressing cybersecurity challenges." \line 
c. "This could have implications for state-level cybersecurity governance by providing a unified framework for addressing cyber threats and vulnerabilities, enhancing information sharing and commu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ication among states, and promoting a more cohesive national cybersecurity posture." \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\TraCR\\Transportation Cybersecurity Legislation\\S.2822.pdf \line \line Illinois: 
\line According to Legislation code 20 ILCS 1375/5-15: \line \line 1) There are\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
existing efforts at the federal level to standardize or streamline state cybersecurity regulations. This is evident in the Illinois Compiled Statutes Annotated, where the state has established the Office of the Statewide Chief Information Security Officer
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 within the Department of Innovation and Technology to coordinate information security functions and oversee state agencies' cybersecurity measures. \line \line 
2) Federal standardization or streamlining of state cybersecurity regulations could potentially lead to m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
re consistent and robust cybersecurity governance across states. By implementing standardized regulations, states could benefit from increased coordination, enhanced information sharing, and improved overall cybersecurity posture. \line \line References: 
\line 1) Curren\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Government\\20 ILCS 1375_5-15.pdf \line \line \hich\f1 
Efforts or discussions at the federal level to standardize or streamline state cybersecurity regulations are ongoing as indicated in the N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  54-59-05. These efforts could lead t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 potential impacts on state-level cybersecurity governance, such as enhancing coordination, ensuring uniformity in cybersecurity practices, and promoting information sharing and collaborative cybersecurity strategies among state and federal entities}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid796442 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid796442 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000e0db
6731ffddda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}