{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid3828932}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min25}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min25}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages13}{\nofwords4668}{\nofchars26612}{\nofcharsws31218}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot3828932 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3828932 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q29. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid3828932 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Are there any ambiguities or inconsistencies in the definitions of key terms such as "cyber incident," "data breach," or "protected information" within the regulations}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid3828932 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid1321362 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid3828932 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid3828932 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 4. New York \line 5. Alabama 
\line 6. Arizona \line 7. Colorado \line 8. Georgia \line 9. Vermont \line 10. Guam \line 11. Wyoming \line 12. District of Columbia \line 13. Rhode Island \line 14. Virgin Islands \line 15. Nebraska \line 16. Nevada \line 17. Michigan \line 18. Florida 
\line 19. Missouri \line 20. Wisconsin \line 21. Tennesse\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 22. Oregon \line 23. Connecticut \line 24. Mississippi \line 25. Oklahoma \line 26. South Carolina \line 27. Indiana \line 
28. Utah \line 29. West Virginia \line 30. Maryland \line 31. Kansas \line 32. Arkansas \line 33. Idaho \line 34. North Carolina \line 35. Texas \line 36. California \line 37. Montana \line 38. Massachusetts \line 3\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 9
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 . Iowa \line 40. New Jersey \line 41. Washington \line 42. Louisiana \line 43. Alaska \line 44. Maine \line 45. North Dakota \line 46. Ohio \line 47. Pennsylvania \line 48. New Mexico \line 49. Kentucky \line 50. Hawaii 
\line 51. Minnesota \line 52. South Dakota \line 53. American Samoa \line 54. Puerto Rico \line 55. Illinois \line \line New \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 H\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ampshire: \line 
According to RSA 420-P:6, there are no ambiguities or inconsistencies in the definitions of key terms such as "cyber incident," "data breach," or "protected information" within the regulations. The legislation provides clear and detailed guidel
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nes on the notification of a cybersecurity event, including what information needs to be reported and the obligations of licensees in such situations. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420-P_6.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420-P_3.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420-P_4.pdf \line \line Delaware: \line Summary: \line The response indicates that the definitions of key terms such as "breach of security," "determination of the brea\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 h of security," "encrypted," "encryption key," "notice," and "personal information" within the regulations, specifically legislation code 6 Del. C. \'a7\loch\f1 
 12B-101, are detailed and consistent without any ambiguities or inconsistencies noted across various cont\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 xts. \line \line References: \line 1. Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\
Data breach Notification\\_ 12B-101. Definitions.pdf \line 2. Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8606.pdf \line 3. Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Data breach Notification\\_ 12B-101.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Definitions.pdf \line 4. Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8604.pdf \line \line Virginia: \line Summary: \line 
The response outlines the requirements for licensees to develop and maintain a comprehensive written information security program, protect nonpub\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ic information, designate responsible individuals, oversee the program, utilize third-party service providers with due diligence, monitor and adjust the program, establish an incident response plan, and comply with annual certification requirements within
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-623. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-623.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-621.pdf \line \line New York: \line According to Legislation code: NY CLS STATE TE\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
HNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1  208: \line \line 1. The definitions of key terms such as "Private information" and "Breach of the security of the system" are clearly outlined in the regulation without any ambiguities or inconsistencies. \line \line References: 
\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ne\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  York\\Internet Security and Privacy Act\\_ 208.pdf \line \line Alabama: \line \hich\f1 According to Code of Ala. \'a7\loch\f1  13A-8-111: \line \line 
1) In the definitions provided for key terms within the regulations, there does not appear to be any ambiguities or inconsistencies related to terms suc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 as "cyber incident," "data breach," or "protected information." \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Alabama\\Digital Crime Act\\_ 13A-8-111. Definitions.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Alabama\\Data Breach Notification Act
\\Files(12).pdf \line \line Arizona:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 According to A.R.S. \'a7\loch\f1 
 18-551, there are no ambiguities or inconsistencies in the definitions of key terms such as "cyber incident," "data breach," or "protected information" within the regulations. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Arizona\\Data
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Security Breaches\\18-551. Definitions.pdf \line \line Colorado: \line Summary: \line 
The definitions of key terms such as "cyber incident," "data breach," or "protected information" within the regulations, as outlined in C.R.S. 6-1-716, do not contain any ambiguities or inco\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
sistencies. \line \line References remain unchanged: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Consumer Protection Act\\C.R.S. 6-1-716.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Joint Technology Committee\\C.R.S. 2-3-1704.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cyber\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecurity\\C.R.S. 24-33.5-412.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\C.R.S. 24-73-103.pdf \line \line Georgia: \line 
\hich\f1 The response states that the definitions provided in O.C.G.A. \'a7\loch\f1  38-3-22.2 for key terms such as "agency" and "utility" are clear and do no\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 exhibit any ambiguities or inconsistencies in the terms "cyber incident," "data breach," or "protected information" within the regulations. \line \line References: \line 1. [Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\Military\\
O.C.G.A. _ 38-3-22.2.pdf](static/Current Cybersecuri\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y Law\\Georgia\\Military\\O.C.G.A. _ 38-3-22.2.pdf) \line 2. [Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\State Government\\
O.C.G.A. _ 50-18-72.pdf](static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\State Government\\O.C.G.A. _ 50-18-72.pdf) \line \line Vermont: \line \hich\f1 According to 8 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4728: \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
1) In the definitions provided within the regulations, there are no ambiguities or inconsistencies found in key terms such as "cybersecurity event," "nonpublic information," or "encrypted." The definitions are clear and detailed, outlining the scope and 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 eaning of each term explicitly. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Financial\\\hich\f1 8 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4728.pdf \line \line Guam: \line 
No documents found based on Guam. \line \line Wyoming: \line I cannot provide an answer without the necessary context. \line \line District of Columbia: \line Acc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 rding to D.C. Code 
\'a7\loch\f1  28-3852: \line \line 1) In the definitions provided, there seem to be no ambiguities or inconsistencies in the key terms such as "cyber incident," "data breach," or "protected information" within the regulations. \line \line References: 
\line 1) Current Cyber\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecurity Law\\District of Columbia\\Consumer Protection\\D.C. Code _ 28-3852.pdf \line \line Rhode Island: \line \hich\f1 According to R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1 
 11-49.3-3: \line 1) There are no ambiguities or inconsistencies in the definitions of key terms provided within the regulations, namely \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 "\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
cybersecurity incident," "breach of the security of the system," and "personal information." \line 2) The definitions clearly outline the scope and parameters of each term, ensuring a comprehensive understanding for enforcement and compliance purposes. 
\line \line Refer\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nce: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\Criminal\\\hich\f1 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  11-49.3-3.pdf \line \line Virgin Islands: \line 
No documents found based on Virgin Islands. \line \line Nebraska: \line Summary: \line The response provided outlines key terms defined within regulations, including th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
se such as civil defense emergency, critical infrastructure utility worker, disaster, emergency, priority access, utility, and utility system. These definitions are specified under R.R.S. Neb. \'a7\loch\f1 
 81-829.01. No specific ambiguities or inconsistencies in the\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 definitions of terms such as "cyber incident," "data breach," or "protected information" are addressed in the response. \line 
\line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nebraska\\Government\\\hich\f1 R.R.S. Neb. \'a7\loch\f1  81-829.01.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nebraska\\Fina\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cial\\\hich\f1 
R.R.S. Neb. \'a7\loch\f1  87-803.pdf \line \line Nevada: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 The response outlines the provisions of the legislation as per Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 480.900, emphasizing the importance of securing information systems for the welfare of the people and critical infrast\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ucture sectors like transportation, health care, energy, education, and more. It underscores the need to identify vulnerabilities, collaborate among various sectors, including governmental and private entities, and prepare for cybersecurity threats to pro
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ect public interest. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.900.pdf \line \line Michigan: \line 
\hich\f1 According to Legislation code: MCLS \'a7\loch\f1  500.555: \line \line 1) In the definitions provided in the regulations, there do not appear to\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
be any ambiguities or inconsistencies in key terms such as "cyber incident," "data breach," or "protected information." \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS _ 500.555.pdf \line \line Florida: \line 
The response provided outlines the defini\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ions of key terms such as "breach," "cybersecurity," "data," "incident," "information technology," and "operational technology" within the regulations. It also highlights the confidentiality and exemption of certain information held by agencies related to
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cybersecurity incidents. Additionally, it mentions public records exemptions and specifies the applicability of the information before, on, or after July 1, 2022. \line \line References: 
\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Government\\Fla. Stat. _ 119.0725.pdf \line 2)\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Information Technology\\Fla. Stat. _ 282.318.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Information Technology\\Fla. Stat. _ 282.0041.pdf \line \line Missouri: \line \hich\f1 Based on the Legislation code: \'a7\loch\f1  417.453 R.S.Mo, the definitions provided\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
are for terms such as "Improper means," "Misappropriation," "Person," and "Trade secret." These definitions outline the understanding of these terms within sections 417.450 to 417.467. No specific reference or mention is made regarding key terms like "cyb
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r incident," "data breach," or "protected information" in the provided response. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Missouri\\Trade Secrets Act\\
_ 417.453. Definitions.pdf \line \line Wisconsin: \line \hich\f1 According to Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952: \line \line 3) Risk management. Based \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
n the risk assessment under sub. (2), the licensee shall do all of the following: \line 
(a) Design an information security program to mitigate the identified threats, commensurate with the size and complexity of the licensee, the nature and scope of the licens\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\f1 \rquote 
\loch\f1 s activities, including its use of 3rd-party service providers, and the sensitivity of the nonpublic information. \line (b) Implement the following security measures, as appropriate: \line 
6. Modify information systems in accordance with the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s informatio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  security program. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\
RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\Wis. Stat. _ 601.952.pdf \line \line Tennessee: \line \hich\f1 Summary: Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004 outlines the requirements for establishing an inciden\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 response plan as part of a licensee's information security program to address cybersecurity events impacting nonpublic information and information systems. The plan must cover internal processes, goals, roles, communications, remediation efforts, documen
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ation, and plan evaluation post-event. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004.pdf \line \line 
Oregon: \line \hich\f1 According to ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555 in the Oregon Cybersecurity Advisory Council legislation: \line \line 1) The key terms are d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
fined clearly without ambiguities or inconsistencies within the regulations. The terms like "cyber incident," "data breach," or "protected information" are not specifically mentioned in this context, but the document provides detailed definitions and guid
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lines regarding cybersecurity measures, workforce development, research, and collaboration among public bodies to enhance cybersecurity efforts. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555.pdf \line 2) Current Cyber\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecurity Law\\Oregon\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 ORS \'a7
\loch\f1  276A.332.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.329.pdf \line \line Connecticut: \line \hich\f1 According to Conn. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  38a-38: \line \line \hich\f1 (3) \'93
\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Cybersecurity event\'94\loch\f1  means an event resulting in any\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
unauthorized access to, or disruption or misuse of, an information system or the nonpublic information stored thereon, except if: (A) The event involves the unauthorized acquisition of encrypted nonpublic information if the encryption process for such inf
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rmation or encryption key to such information is not acquired, released or used without authorization; or (B) the event involves access of nonpublic information by an unauthorized person and the licensee determines that such information has not been used 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r released and has been returned or destroyed. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Insurance\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 38a-38.pdf \line \line Mississippi: \line 
\hich\f1 According to Miss. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  83-5-811: \line \line 1) In the definitions provided, there are no ambiguit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
es or inconsistencies in the key terms such as "cyber incident," "data breach," or "protected information" within the regulations. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Insurance\\Miss. Code Ann. __83-5-811.pdf \line 
2) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\P\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 D Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Insurance\\Miss. Code Ann. __83-5-807.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line 
The response provides definitions for key terms such as "breach of the security of a system," "entity," "encrypted," "financial institution," "i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
dividual," "personal information," "notice," and "redact" within the regulations of 24 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f1  162. The detailed definitions clarify various aspects related to cybersecurity incidents, data breaches, and protected information. \line \line 
Reference: \line - For more \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 etails, refer to the provided links: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oklahoma\\Data Breach Notifcation\\_ 162. Definitions.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oklahoma\\Government\\\hich\f1 74 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f1  3113.1.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oklahoma\\Hospital Cybersecu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ity Protection Act\\\hich\f1 
18 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f1  2070.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oklahoma\\Hospital Cybersecurity Protection Act\\\hich\f1 18 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f1  2069.pdf \line \line South Carolina: \line \hich\f1 
The response outlines the requirements specified in S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20 for a licensee's\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
information security program. It includes provisions to protect nonpublic information, the information system, and consumers, as well as guidelines for data retention and destruction. Additionally, insurers in the state are mandated to submit a written st
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tement annually certifying compliance with the regulations. Any identified areas needing improvement must be documented with planned remedial actions. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20.pdf \line \line Ind\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ana: \line Summary: \line 
The response outlines the obligations of licensees in Indiana to investigate and report cybersecurity events involving nonpublic information. It specifies the timeline for notification to the commissioner, record-keeping requirements, and 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nformation to be provided following a cybersecurity event. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Insurance\\Burns Ind. Code Ann. _ 27-2-27-21.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Consumer Protection\\Burns Ind. Code Ann. _ 4-13.1-1-1.5.pd\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Insurance\\
Burns Ind. Code Ann. _ 27-2-27-18.pdf \line \line Utah: \line In Utah, the cybersecurity regulations outline that a written cybersecurity program must align with recognized frameworks to protect personal information. This\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
program should include measures to prevent security breaches, train employees, conduct risk assessments, and adapt procedures. If a recognized framework is updated, organizations must comply with the new version within one year. When amendments are made t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  the framework, businesses should conform in a reasonable timeframe considering risks and costs. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\
Cybersecurity Affirmative Defense Act\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  78B-4-703.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Cybers\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 curity Affirmative Defense Act\\\hich\f1 
Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  78B-4-702.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Cybersecurity Affirmative Defense Act\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  78B-4-701.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Personal Information Protection\\
13-44-102. Definitions.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 pdf \line \line West Virginia: \line \hich\f1 According to W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-2: \line \hich\f1 "\'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Cyber incident\'94\loch\f1 
 means any event that threatens the security, confidentiality, integrity, or availability of information assets, information systems, or the networks that deliver the information.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 "\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line 
There are no specific definitions provided for "data breach" or "protected information" within the regulations. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-2.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\E\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ucation\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  18-2-5h.pdf \line \line Maryland: \line \hich\f1 According to Md. Insurance Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 33-105: \line \line 1) When determining a cybersecurity event: \line (a) A cybersecurity event is considered to have occurred when either of the following criteria is met: \line (1) The Sta\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e is the carrier\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s state of domicile and the cybersecurity event has a reasonable likelihood of harming a consumer residing in the State or any material part of the normal operations of the carrier. \line 
(2) The carrier reasonably believes that the nonpublic \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nformation involved is of 250 or more consumers residing in the State, and certain circumstances are present, including a cybersecurity event impacting the carrier for which notice must be provided to a government body, self-regulatory agency, or any othe
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  supervisory body under state or federal law. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Insurance\\Md. Insurance Code Ann. _ 33-105.pdf \line \line Kansas: \line 
Summary: The definitions of key terms such as "cyber incident," "data breach," and "protected info\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
mation" in the regulations are clearly defined without any ambiguities or inconsistencies according to K.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  75-7244. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\K.S.A. _ 75-7244.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Communication\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 K\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 .S.A. _ 45-217.pdf \line \line Arkansas: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 
The response provides definitions from Delaware Code Title 6, Subtitle II, Chapter 12F, \'a7\loch\f1  1204 related to cybersecurity terms such as "breach of security," "data incident," "personal information," and "private inf
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rmation." It outlines what constitutes as a breach of security, data incident, personal information, and private information in the context of cybersecurity regulations. \line \line 
Reference: \line C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\De\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 aware\\Del. Code _ Title 6_Subtitle II_Chapter 12F.pdf \line \line Idaho: \line \hich\f1 
According to Texas Bus. & Com. Code \'a7\loch\f1  521.053: \line 1. Definitions \line (a) In this chapter: \line (1) "Breach of system security" means an unauthorized acquisition of computerized data that compromises t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e security, confidentiality, or integrity of sensitive personal information maintained by a person. An acquisition of computerized data is not unauthorized if \line 
(c) An entity that compiles or maintains computerized data that includes sensitive personal inf\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rmation under a license or agreement shall give notice of a breach of system security following the discovery of the breach to: \line 
(1) any individual whose sensitive personal information was, or is reasonably believed to have been, acquired by an unauthoriz\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d person as a result of the breach; or \line 
(2) the owner or licensee of the information. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Business and Commerce\\\hich\f1 Tex. Bus. & Com. Code \'a7\loch\f1  521.053.pdf \line \line 
North Carolina: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Summary: The response provides definitions for key terms such as "cyber incident," "ransomware attack," and "significant cybersecurity incident" as outlined in N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 143B-1320. The definitions clarify what constitutes a cybersecurity incident,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ransomware attack, and a significant cybersecurity incident based on specific criteria and factors. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1320.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carol\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 na\\
Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1379.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1350.pdf \line \line Texas: \line 
Summary: The provided response states that there are no ambiguities or inconsistencies \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
n the definitions of key terms such as "cyber incident," "data breach," or "protected information" within the regulations. It includes a definition of "breach of system security" from Tex. Bus. & Com. Code \'a7\loch\f1  521.053. \line \line References: 
\line 1) Current Cybersecurit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Law\\Texas\\Business\\\hich\f1 Tex. Bus. & Com. Code \'a7\loch\f1  521.053.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Govt Code \'a7
\loch\f1  411.084.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2054.518.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Criminal\\Tex. O\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
c. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1702.104.pdf \line \line California: \line \hich\f1 According to Texas Transportation Code \'a7\loch\f1  2257.001: \line 
There do not appear to be ambiguities or inconsistencies in the definitions of key terms such as "cyber incident," "data breach," or "protected information" within t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e regulations. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Transportation\\Texas Transportation Code Chapter 2257.pdf \line \line Montana: \line 
According to legislation code 30-14-1704, the definitions provided for key te\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ms such as "Breach of the security of the data system" and "Personal information" are clear and do not exhibit any ambiguities or inconsistencies within the regulations. The definitions are comprehensive and provide specific criteria for determining what 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 onstitutes a breach and what type of information qualifies as personal information. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Montana\\Identity Theft\\
30-14-1704 Computer security breach.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Montana\\Identity Theft\\30-14-1702 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 D\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 efinitions.pdf \line \line Massachusetts: \line \hich\f1 
The response provided outlines the regulations set forth in ALM GL ch. 93H, \'a7\loch\f1  2 regarding the safeguarding of personal information of residents of the commonwealth. The regulations aim to ensure security and confidentialit
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 of personal information, protect against threats or hazards, and prevent unauthorized access to such information. Various factors such as business size, resources, stored data, and the need for security and confidentiality are considered in establishing 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ules and regulations. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 2.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\
ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 1.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 9\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 H, _ 3.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Government\\
ALM GL ch. 4, _ 7.pdf \line \line Iowa: \line \hich\f1 According to Iowa Code \'a7\loch\f1  554G.3: \line \line 1. Definitions related to cybersecurity programs: \line a. The covered entity\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s cybersecurity program reasonably conforms to an \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ndustry-recognized cybersecurity framework. \line 
b. The cybersecurity program reasonably complies with the payment card industry data security standard. \line \line 2. Ambiguities or inconsistencies in key term definitions are not explicitly mentioned in the provided t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 xt. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Commerce\\Iowa Code _ 554G.3.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Insurance\\Iowa Code _ 507F.7.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\
Insurance\\Iowa Code _ 507F.3.pdf \line \line New Jersey: \line The response provid\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
s definitions for key terms within the regulations, such as "cybersecurity incident," "cyber threat indicator," "defensive measure," and "government contractor," as outlined in N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 52:17B-193.2. The document also includes references to specific s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 atutes for further details. \line \line Washington: \line 
Summary: The response states that there are no ambiguities or inconsistencies in the definitions of key terms such as "cyber incident," "data breach," or "protected information" within the regulations of Rev. Cod\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.020. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.020.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.020(2).pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 aw\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 
Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450(2).pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450(2).pdf \line \line Louisiana: \line \hich\f1 According to La. R.S. \'a7\loch\f1 
 22:2506: \line \line 1) The key terms within the regulations are\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
well-defined and do not show any ambiguities or inconsistencies in the definitions of terms such as "cyber incident," "data breach," or "protected information." \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Insurance\\
La. R.S. _ 22_2506.pdf \line \line Alask\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 : \line 
I cannot provide an answer as there is no specific context or information provided to generate a response. If you could provide more details or context related to transportation cybersecurity legislations, I would be happy to assist you. \line \line 
Maine: \line The \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
esponse indicates that there are no ambiguities or inconsistencies in the definitions of key terms such as "cyber incident," "data breach," or "protected information" within the regulations. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Maine\\Insurance\\24-A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2266.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\
24-A M.R.S. _ 2263.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf \line \line North Dakota: \line Summary: \line The\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
definitions of key terms such as "cyber incident," "data breach," or "protected information" within the regulations specified in N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  54-59.1-01 do not contain any ambiguities or inconsistencies. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\N\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rth Dakota\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  54-59.1-01.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 
N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-05.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-03.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ity Law\\North Dakota\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  44-04-18.4.pdf \line \line Ohio: \line According to ORC Ann. 3965.04: \line 
No ambiguities or inconsistencies in the definitions of key terms such as "cyber incident," "data breach," or "protected information" were found wit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 in the regulations. \line \line References: 
\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\ORC Ann. 3965.04.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\ORC Ann. 3965.02.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Commercial Transactions\\ORC Ann. 1354.03.pdf \line \line Pennsyl
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ania: \line \hich\f1 According to Pennsylvania Statutes, Annotated by LexisNexis\'ae\loch\f1 \hich\f1  within legislation code 73 P.S. \'a7\loch\f1 
 2302, no ambiguities or inconsistencies are found in the definitions of key terms such as "cyber incident," "data breach," or "protected information" wit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 in the regulations. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\_ 2302. Definitions.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1  4502.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba
\loch\f1  4518.pdf \line \line New Mexico: \line Accordi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 g to N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  57-12C-2: \line \hich\f1 C. \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 personal identifying information\'94
\loch\f1  means an individual\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s first name or first initial and last name in combination with one or more of the following data elements that relate to the individual, when the data elements ar\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  not protected through encryption or redaction or otherwise rendered unreadable or unusable: \line (1) (a) social security number; \line (b) driver\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s license number; \line 
(c) government-issued identification number; \line (d) account number, credit card number or debit card\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
number in combination with any required security code, access code or password that would permit access to a person\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s financial account; or \line (e) biometric data; \line and \line 
(2) does not mean information that is lawfully obtained from publicly available sources \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r from federal, state or local government records lawfully made available to the general public. \line 
\line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Data Breach Notification Act\\57-12C-2. Definitions.pdf \line \line Kentucky: \line \hich\f1 According to KRS \'a7\loch\f1  292.336: \line \line 1) Th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  definitions of key terms such as "cyber incident," "data breach," or "protected information" are not explicitly mentioned in the regulations provided. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\
Finance\\KRS _ 292.336.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Law\\Kentucky\\Insurance\\KRS _ 304.3-760.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Insurance\\KRS _ 304.3-756.pdf \line \line 
Hawaii: \line \hich\f1 According to HRS \'a7\loch\f1  431:3B-302: \line Paragraph (a) defines notification of a cybersecurity event impacting two hundred fifty or more con\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
umers and specifies the criteria for providing notification. \line 
Paragraph (b) outlines the specific information that the licensee must provide promptly after a cybersecurity event, including details about the event, information exposure, recovery efforts, s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urce identification, and impacts on consumers. \line Paragraph (c) states that the licensee must provide the information in electronic form as directed by the commissioner. \line 
Paragraph (d) highlights the continuing obligation of the licensee to update and suppl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ment notifications to the commissioner regarding material changes to the information provided. \line 
Paragraph (e) clarifies that this section does not supersede any reporting requirements in chapter 487N. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\R\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 G-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Insurance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-302.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line \hich\f1 According to Minn. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  60A.9851: \line \line Subdivision 8. Incident response plan: \line 
- The incident response plan shall address the following areas: \line 1. The in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ernal process for responding to a cybersecurity event; \line 2. The goals of the incident response plan; \line 
3. The definition of clear roles, responsibilities, and levels of decision-making authority; \line 4. External and internal communications and information shar\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ng; \line 
5. Identification of requirements for the remediation of any identified weaknesses in information systems and associated controls; \line 6. Documentation and reporting regarding cybersecurity events and related incident response activities; \line 
7. The evalua\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ion and revision, as necessary, of the incident response plan following a cybersecurity event. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Insurance\\
Minn. Stat. _ 60A.9851.pdf \line \line South Dakota: \line \hich\f1 According to S.D. Codified Laws \'a7\loch\f1  1-27-1.5: \line \line 1. Rec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rds exempt from disclosure include various categories such as personal information in records regarding students, medical records, trade secrets, attorney work product, records developed by law enforcement agencies, appraisals or negotiation records, pers
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nnel information other than salaries, information on protection of public or private property, etc. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Dakota\\Government\\
\hich\f1 S.D. Codified Laws \'a7\loch\f1  1-27-1.5.pdf \line \line American Samoa: \line No documents found based on Americ\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n Samoa. \line \line Puerto Rico: \line 
No documents found based on Puerto Rico. \line \line Illinois: \line Summary: The response indicates that there are no ambiguities or inconsistencies in the definitions of key terms such as "cyber incident," "data breach," or "protected informat
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 on" within the regulations mentioned in 215 ILCS 215/10. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_10.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law
\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_20.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insuran\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\\215 ILCS 215_5.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\
215 ILCS 215_10.pdf \line \line According to the provided contexts, there are no ambiguities or inconsistencies in the definitions of key terms such as "cyber incident," "data breach," or "protec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ed information" within the regulations}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid3828932 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3828932 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000e07f
1c47ffddda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}