{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid15666763}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr12\min22}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr12\min23}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages12}{\nofwords4224}{\nofchars24077}{\nofcharsws28245}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot15666763 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15666763 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q3: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid15666763 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Can you provide examples of penalties or fines imposed for non-compliance with cybersecurity requirements}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid15666763 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?
}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid5715704 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid15666763 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid15666763 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line 5. Arizona \line 6. Colorado \line 
7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island \line 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 18. Oregon \line 
19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. South Carolina \line 23. Indiana \line 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Ma\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 yland \line 27. Kansas \line 
28. Arkansas \line 29. Idaho \line 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 40. Alabama \line 
41. North Dakota \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsyl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ania \line 45. New Mexico \line 46. Kentucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 50. Illinois 
\line \line New Hampshire: \line According to CA SB-327: \line 1. A manufacturer who sells a connected device in California that does not have reasonable security features to protec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 the device and any information contained therein from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure, as specified, shall be liable under Chapter 4 (commencing with Section 1798.80) of Part 4 of Division 3 of Title 1 of the California
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Civil Code. This bill would provide that a violation of these provisions would not impose a basis for civil liability unless \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\IoT\\CA SB-327.pdf \line \line Delaware: \line A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 cording to 18 Del. C. \'a7\loch\f1  8606: \line 
1. Licensees who fail to comply with cybersecurity requirements may face penalties. The legislation outlines specific requirements for notification of cybersecurity events to the Commissioner and consumers. \line 2. If a licensee
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 fails to provide notice of a cybersecurity event without reasonable delay, penalties or fines could be imposed, as outlined in the legislation. \line 
3. The legislation does not explicitly state the exact penalties or fines for non-compliance with cybersecurit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  requirements. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8606.pdf \line \line Virginia: \line \hich\f1 According to Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-623: \line E. Beginning July 1, 2022, if a licensee utilizes a third-party service provider, the licensee shall: \line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1. Exercise due diligence in selecting its third-party service provider; and \line 
2. Require a third-party service provider to implement appropriate administrative, technical, and physical measures to protect and secure the information systems and nonpublic i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
formation that are accessible to, or held by, the third-party service provider. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-623.pdf \line \line New York: \line \hich\f1 
According to Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  21213: \line 1. A person who violates any pro\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ision of this division for which another specified penalty or punishment is not provided is guilty of an infraction, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine not exceeding one thousand dollars ($1,000). \line 
2. Whenever in this code is specifie\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 a penalty or punishment, the application of that penalty or punishment is not intended to affect the application of any other penalty or punishment established by common law or by any other provision of law for any act or omission, and the penalties or p
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nishments shall be independent and not alternative. \line \line References: \line 1) ../Transportation/California/California_Vehicle_Code.pdf \line \line Arizona: \line \hich\f1 
According to VA Code \'a7\loch\f1  59.1-573: \line 1. For entities that fail to implement "reasonable security procedures and practic\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s": \line 
- A penalty not exceeding $150,000 for each data breach. \line - Entities that "willfully or negligently violate any of the provisions" can incur penalties up to $40,000. \line 
2. For entities that fail to implement "reasonable security procedures and practice\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 " specifically related to the Virginia Information Technologies Agency: \line 
- Fines ranging from $25,000 to $150,000. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Business and Commerce\\\hich\f1 VA Code \'a7\loch\f1  59.1-573.pdf
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Colorado: \line According to Illinois General Assembly - Illinois Compiled Statutes 625 ILCS 4: \line 
* A person who violates the provisions is guilty of a petty offense if the violation involves the unauthorized connection of a device to a motor vehicle. A viola\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ion may be punished by a fine not to exceed $500. On a second or subsequent offense, a person may be punished by a fine not to exceed $1,000. \line 
* For a violation involving the installation on or connection to a motor vehicle of a device to circumvent the m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nufacturer's installed emission control device, the violation may be punished by a fine of $1,500 on a third or subsequent offense. \line 
* The Department of Transportation may suspend, revoke, or refuse to renew the registration of any business, dealership, o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  remanufacturer not in compliance with the provisions. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Transportation\\625 ILCS 4.pdf \line \line Georgia: \line I am sorry, but I don't have any specific information in the p
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ovided context that directly answers the question regarding penalties or fines imposed for non-compliance with cybersecurity requirements. \line \line References: \line 
1) No specific context provided. \line \line Vermont: \line \hich\f1 According to 8 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4728: \line (i) Penalties. In the cas\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 of a violation of this section, a licensee may be penalized in accordance with section 3661 or 4726 of this title, as appropriate. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Financial\\\hich\f1 8 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4728.pdf 
\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Fin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ncial\\\hich\f1 8 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4728.pdf \line \line Wyoming: \line \hich\f1 According to District of Columbia \'a7\loch\f1  50-1731.11: 
\line 1. Failure to comply with established oral or written policies and procedures in accordance with this subchapter; \line 2. Lacking the appropriate security configurations an\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 not meeting the requirements set out in the cybersecurity regulations; \line 
3. In the worst-case scenario, total non-compliance or incompetence could result in a company being fined up to $30,000 per offense or even having their transportation license revoke\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 . \line 
\line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\District of Columbia\\\hich\f1 District of Columbia \'a7\loch\f1  50-1731.11.pdf \line \line Rhode Island: \line \hich\f1 
According to California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  34501.16: \line Violation of cybersecurity requirements \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ay result in penalties or fines, including: \line 
a. A civil penalty of up to five thousand dollars ($5,000) for each violation; \line b. A suspension or revocation of the motor carrier permit or motor carrier identification permit for noncompliance. \line \line References: \line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Transportation\\Cal. Veh. Code _ 34501.16.pdf \line \line Nebraska: \line 
I am sorry, but I cannot provide an answer as the needed context is missing. \line \line Nevada: \line According to Michigan Comp\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 led Laws \'a7\loch\f1  256.25a: \line 
1. Civil Penalty: A civil fine may be imposed upon the owner or operator in an amount determined by the department but not less than $10,000 nor more than $25,000 for each day of each violation. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Michigan Compiled Laws\\Mich. Comp. Laws _ 256.25a.pdf \line \line Michigan: \line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code MCLS \'a7\loch\f1  500.561: \line \line 
1) For a first violation, a person providing notice of a cybersecurity event falsely\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
with the intent to defraud may face a fine of not more than $250.00 for each violation, imprisonment for not more than 93 days, or both. \line 
2) For a second violation, the penalty increases to a fine of not more than $500.00 for each violation, imprisonment \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 or not more than 93 days, or both. \line 
3) For a third or subsequent violation, the penalty can be a fine of not more than $750.00 for each violation, imprisonment for not more than 93 days, or both. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insura
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ce\\MCLS _ 500.561.pdf \line \line Florida: \line \hich\f1 According to Fla. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  282.318: \line \line 
3. Develop and publish for use by state agencies a cybersecurity governance framework that, at a minimum, includes guidelines and processes for: \line \line ... \line \line 14. Submitting after-action rep\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rts following a cybersecurity incident or ransomware incident. Such guidelines and processes for submitting after-action reports must be developed and published by December 1, 2022. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Information Technolog\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Fla. Stat. _ 282.318.pdf \line \line Missouri: \line According to California Vehicle Code section 23370.6 (d): \line 
1. For each conviction for a violation of the vehicle identification number (VIN) disclosure requirements, the dealer, lessor-retailer, or lessor-dealer shal\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 be fined not more than two hundred and fifty dollars ($250). If these divisions are violated,for each count either the department or the commission may levy an administrative fine, not to exceed two thousand five hundred dollars ($2,500), on any person r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
gulated by the department or the commission who violates any provision of a sales license granted pursuant to Section 11704. Confidential information received by the department or the commission shall be kept confidential and not disclosed to any person d
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rectly interested in the sale of the vehicle, except when the information is requested by the buyer. Mechanisms shall be established to maintain the confidentiality of the information and the buyer shall be given the opportunity to challenge the accuracy 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f the information contained in the system. The department may disclose the name and address of the buyer to the seller if the buyer agrees in writing to the disclosure. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Transportation La\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 California\\California Vehicle Code\\Cal. Veh. Code _ 23370.6.pdf \line \line Wisconsin: 
\line \hich\f1 According to Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952: \line \line 4. Program adjustments. The licensee shall monitor, evaluate, and adjust the information security program under sub. (1) consistent with ch\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nges in technology, the sensitivity of the nonpublic information, internal and external threats to nonpublic information, and changes to the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s business operations, outsourcing arrangements, and information systems. If a licensee identifies areas,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
systems, or processes that require material improvement, updating, or redesign, the licensee shall document the identification and remedial efforts to address the areas, systems, or processes. The licensee shall maintain the documentation for a period of 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t least 5 years starting from the date the documentation was created and shall produce the documentation upon demand of the commissioner. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity La\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 601.954.pdf \line \line Tennessee: \line \hich\f1 According to Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004: \line \line 
9) Each insurer domiciled in this state shall submit to the commissioner by April 15 of each year written certification that the insurer is in complian\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e with this section. Each insurer shall maintain for examination by the department all records, schedules, and data supporting the certification for a period of five (5) years from the date of the corresponding certification. \line \line 
If an insurer identifies ar\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
as, systems, or processes requiring material improvement, updating, or redesign, then the insurer must document planned and ongoing remedial efforts to address those areas, systems, or processes, and the documentation must be made available for inspection
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 by the commissioner upon request. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1006.pdf \line \line Oregon: \line I'm sorry, but it seems like the\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
necessary context to answer your question is missing. Could you please provide me with the relevant information so I can assist you accurately? \line \line Connecticut: \line \hich\f1 According to Conn. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  38a-38: \line 
5) Penalties or Fines Imposed for Non-Compliance: Each\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
licensee may be imposed a civil penalty of not more than fifty thousand dollars for each violation of the provisions of this section. The commissioner has the authority to enforce penalties by taking necessary actions to address violations. \line \line 
References: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Insurance\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 38a-38.pdf \line \line Mississippi: \line \hich\f1 According to Mississippi Code Ann. \'a7\u8201\'20\loch\f1  83 -5-807: \line \line 
Penalties or fines for non-compliance with cybersecurity requirements are not explicitly outlined in this s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecific legislation. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Mississippi\\Insurance\\Miss. Code Ann. __ 83-5-807.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line \hich\f1 According to 23 U.S.C. \'a7\loch\f1  131: \line 1. Violators could be fined an amount not to exceed $2,500 for each violation, calculated fro
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  the date of the notice. \line 2. In the event of a repeat offense, an additional fine of not more than $2,500 per violation per day can be imposed. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users
\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Transportation\\Security \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nd Privacy in the Connected Vehicle Ecosystem.pdf \line \line South Carolina: \line Summary: \line 
\hich\f1 Penalties or fines for non-compliance with cybersecurity requirements, as per S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20, include requirements for licensee's executive management to develop, im\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
lement, and maintain an information security program. Annual reporting on the status of the program, compliance, risk assessment, third-party arrangements, cybersecurity events, and more is mandatory. Insurance companies in South Carolina must submit a co
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 pliance statement by February 15th annually, maintain supporting records for five years, and document efforts to address identified improvement areas. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20.pdf \line \line Ind\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ana: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 1798.198: \line 1. Any violation of this title is punishable as a misdemeanor, with each violation constituting a separate offense. \line 2. Any person who violates this title shall be liable for a civil penalty of up to t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o thousand five hundred dollars ($2,500) for each violation. \line 3. The penalties provided by this section are cumulative to each other and to any other penalty provided by law. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\
User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecuri\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y Law\\California\\\hich\f1 California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.198.pdf \line \line Utah: \line \hich\f1 
According to N.D. Cent. Code \'a7\loch\f1  54-59-02: \line 1. Any person who violates any provision of this chapter or any rule adopted or order issued under this chapter, is liable to the state for a civil pe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 alty of not more than ten thousand dollars ($10,000) for each violation. \line \line References: \line 1) /state/cybersecurity/NorthDakota/ND_Cent_Code_Chapter_54-59.pdf \line \line West Virginia: \line 
According to California Civil Code section 1798.198(c), penalties for non-complian\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e with cybersecurity requirements include fines ranging from $2,500 to $7,500 per violation, with an additional $2,500 to $7,500 for each affected individual for whom the breach was relevant. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Cu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rent Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\California Civil Code - Division 1.8 - Information Practices Act of 1977.pdf \line \line Maryland: \line \hich\f1 
According to Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  3.5 -406: \line \line 1. Non-compliance with cybersecurity requirements\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
can result in penalties or fines, as stated under subsection (b): \line (1) Each unit of State government shall report a cybersecurity incident in accordance with paragraph (2) of this subsection to the State Chief Information Security Officer. \line 
(2) For the re\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 orting of cybersecurity incidents under paragraph (1) of this subsection, the State Chief Information Security Officer shall determine: \line 
(i) the criteria for determining when an incident must be reported; \line (ii) the manner in which to report; and \line (iii) th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  time period within which a report must be made. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Government\\Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.5-406.pdf \line \line Kansas: \line According to the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecu
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ity Framework (NIST CSF): \line 
Penalties and fines imposed for non-compliance with cybersecurity requirements may vary, depending on the specific legislation or regulatory framework in place. It's important for organizations to familiarize themselves with the
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 applicable laws and regulations to understand the potential consequences of failing to comply with cybersecurity requirements. \line \line References: \line 
1) NIST Cybersecurity Framework version 1.1 - Preliminary Draft document. \line \line Arkansas: \line According to Michigan Comp\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 led Laws \'a7\loch\f1  257.937a \line 4.04 (1): \line 
"Sections 5A to 5C, the rules promulgated under section 5C, and this section shall be enforced by the department of state police. \line A person who violates sections 5A to 5C is responsible for a state civil infraction and may 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e ordered to pay a civil fine of not more than $250.00." \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Traffic Law\\
MCL - Chapter 6 - Act 62 of 1954.pdf \line \line Idaho: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\'a7\loch\f1  1798.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 8\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2, 1798.29: \line 
Penalties: A civil penalty not to exceed $2,500 for each violation up to a total of $50,000 per calendar year may be assessed against \line any person, at the discretion of the Attorney General. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\'a7\loch\f1  1798.82, 1798.29.pdf \line \line North Carolina: \line 
According to 49 USC 44903(m) - Air Traffic Control System: \line Fines for violations can range from $500 to $1,100 for individuals and $2,800 to \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 $\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 15,800 for businesses, per violation. \line 
\line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Transportation\\49 USC 44903.pdf \line \line Texas: \line \hich\f1 According to 23 USCS \'a7\loch\f1  401: \line 
In addition to any penalties imposed under this section, se\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tion 46301 46302, or 46308 of Title 49, or another law, a person that knowingly violates this section or a rule, regulation, order, or approval issued or granted under this section is subject to a civil penalty of not more than $50,000 for each violation.
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\\hich\f1 49 USCS \'a7\loch\f1  401.pdf \line \line California: \line 
I am sorry, I cannot provide an answer at this moment as there were no specific examples of penalties or fines imposed for non-compliance with cybersecurity requ\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rements in the provided context. If you have any other inquiries or need further assistance, please feel free to ask. \line \line References: \line 1) N/A \line \line Montana: \line 
I am sorry, but there are no provided contexts for me to extract information from to answer your questi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n. Could you please provide some relevant information for me to work with? \line \line 
Massachusetts: \line I cannot provide an answer as the relevant contexts are missing. \line \line Iowa: \line According to Mass. Code Regs. 201 CMR 17.06: \line 6. (1) Any business that accepts credit an\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
/or debit card information from customers as a form of payment must be compliant with a variety of cybersecurity requirements. Non-compliance with these regulations can result in significant penalties or fines, as outlined in the legislation. \line \line 
References\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Regulations\\Mass. Code Regs. _ 201 CMR 17.06.pdf \line \line New Jersey: \line 
\hich\f1 According to Wisconsin Statutes \'a7\loch\f1  110-45: \line 1. Any person who violates the provisions of s. 110.45 \line 2. s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
all forfeit not less than $100 nor more than $500 for each violation. \line 3. Each violation and each day of a continuing violation is a separate offense. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Penalti\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\\Wis. Stat. _ 110-45.pdf \line \line Washington: \line \hich\f1 According to Maryland HSC \'a7\loch\f1  7-306: \line 
1. (a) A person that violates this part is guilty of a misdemeanor and on conviction is subject to a fine not exceeding $10,000 or imprisonment not exceeding 18 months or both fo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 each violation. \line (b) For a second or subsequent violation, the person is subject to a fine not exceeding $20,000 or imprisonment not exceeding 5 years or both for each violation. \line 
2. In addition to any other penalty, the court shall order a person that v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 olates this part to pay the reasonable costs of prosecution. \line 
3. A person that violates this part is also liable for a civil penalty not exceeding $1,000 for each violation. \line \line References: \line 1) /State Laws\\Maryland\\Health - Hospitals\\MD HSC Title 7 Subtitle\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3 Cybersecurity standards for hospitals\\Maryland HSC _ 7-306.pdf \line \line Louisiana: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 Penalties or fines for non-compliance with cybersecurity requirements under Legislation code La. R.S. 
\'a7\loch\f1  22:2504 include the obligation for insurers to implement a com\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rehensive information security program, submit an annual compliance statement by a deadline, maintain records of compliance for five years, and document areas needing improvement with remediation efforts. Failure to meet these requirements can lead to pen
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lties or fines as outlined in the regulations. \line \line Reference: \line 1. Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Insurance\\La. R.S. _ 22_2504.pdf \line \line Maine: \line Summary: \line 
Insurance carriers in the state of Maine are required to certify compliance with cybersecurity require\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ents to the superintendent, maintain relevant records for 5 years, document areas that need improvement, and make remedial efforts. The documentation must be available for inspection by the superintendent. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf (Context 1) \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf (Context 2) \line \line Alabama: \line \hich\f1 
According to California Transportation Code \'a7\loch\f1  19165: \line 1. A civil fine of up to five thousand dollars ($5,000) may be \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
mposed by an administrative law judge for a violation of the STIPA [State Transportation Infrastructure Protection Act] if the violation does not result in an unreasonable risk to transportation infrastructure. \line 
2. A civil fine of up to ten thousand dolla\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s ($10,000) may be imposed by an administrative law judge for a violation of the STIPA if the violation results in an unreasonable risk to transportation infrastructure. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity La\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 California\\Transportation\\\hich\f1 Cal. Transp. Code \'a7\loch\f1  19165.pdf \line \line North Dakota: \line \hich\f1 According to N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1 
 26.1-02.2-03: \line 10. Annually, an insurer domiciled in this state shall submit to the commissioner, a written statement by April fifteenth, certifying \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
he insurer is in compliance with the requirements set forth in this section. An insurer shall maintain for examination by the department all records, schedules, and data supporting this certificate for a period of five years. \line \line References: 
\line 1) Current Cyb\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rsecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-03.pdf \line \line Alaska: \line 
I cannot find any information regarding penalties or fines imposed for non-compliance with cybersecurity requirements in the provided context. If you need more specific in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ormation, please provide additional details or context for me to assist you further. \line \line References: \line \line Ohio: \line According to ORC Ann. 3965.02: \line 
(A) Each licensee shall develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive written information security program based\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 on the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s risk assessment. The program shall be commensurate with the size and complexity of the licensee, the nature and scope of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s activities including its use of third-party service providers, and the sensitivity of the nonpublic i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 formation used by the licensee or in the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s possession, custody, or control. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\ORC Ann. 3965.02.pdf \line \line Pennsylvania: \line I am sorry, but there is no specific information provided in the context 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 egarding penalties or fines imposed for non-compliance with cybersecurity requirements. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\FILE_PATH \line \line New Mexico: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\'a7\loch\f1  1798.91.06 and 17\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 9\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 8.91.22: \line 
1. The Attorney General may bring an action for civil penalties not to exceed two thousand five hundred dollars ($2,500) for each violation of the California Consumer Privacy Act or up to seven thousand five hundred dollars ($7,500) for each int
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ntional violation. \line 
2. Violators may be liable for civil penalties of up to $7,500 per violation and $2,500 for each unintentional violation that is not corrected within 30 days after being notified of noncompliance. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UT
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 D\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Privacy Law\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\'a7\loch\f1  1798.91.06.pdf \line 2) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app
\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Privacy Law\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\'a7\loch\f1  1798.91.22.pdf \line \line Kentucky: \line According\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 to Wyoming Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 3-3-501: \line 1. Class 1 violations may be subject to a penalty not exceeding $1,000. \line 2. Class 2 violations may be subject to a penalty not exceeding $5,000. \line 3. Class 3 violations may be subject to a penalty not exceeding $20,000. \line 
4. Cla\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s 4 violations may be subject to a penalty not exceeding $100,000. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wyoming\\
Transportation\\Wyo. Stat. _ 3-3-501.pdf \line \line Hawaii: \line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code HRS \'a7\loch\f1  431:3B\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 -203: \line \line 
(1) Penalities for non-compliance with cybersecurity requirements include: \line (A) "A licensee that fails to develop an information security program based on its risk assessment as required shall be fined $100 for each day of the violation, not to ex
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 eed $10,000.". \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Insruance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-203.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 
The response provided details from legislation code Minn. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  60A.9853 regarding consumer notification requiremen\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s in the event of a cybersecurity breach. It outlines the obligations for licensees to inform consumers residing in Minnesota if their nonpublic information has been compromised as a result of a cybersecurity event. It also specifies notification requirem
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nts for reinsurers, insurers, and third-party service providers in different scenarios. Notifications must be timely, with exceptions possible for criminal investigations. References to the specific legislation code were included for further details. 
\line \line Re\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 erence: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Insurance\\Minn. Stat. _ 60A.9853.pdf \line \line South Dakota: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7
\loch\f1 1798.81.5: \line 1. "Any service of automated data that is provided by a business in California shall maintain reasonable \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ecurity procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information." \line 
2. "Any service provider to a business covered by this section that processes personal information on behalf of the business shall do so pursuant to a contract that requires \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
he service provider to maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information." \line 
3. "Any contract entered into between a business and service provider pursuant to paragraph (2) shall include a requirement that t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e provider report any breach of security immediately upon discovery, and to report any use or disclosure of data that was beyond the authority of the contract." \line 
4. "Any business that is a victim of a data breach may bring a civil action in a court of com\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
etent jurisdiction against a company that fails to comply with the data security obligations of this chapter." \line 5. "An individual who has been injured by a violation of this chapter may institute a civil action to recover damages." \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Us\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rs\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\Cal. Civil Code _ 1798.81.5.pdf \line \line Illinois: \line 
According to 215 ILCS 215/10: \line Penalties or fines imposed for non-compliance with cybersecurity requirements are not explicit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y mentioned in this legislation. \line \line References: 
\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_10.pdf \line \line According to California Civil Code section 1798.198, penalties for non-compliance with cybersecurity requirements include fines ranging f
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 om $2,500 to $7,500 per violation, with an additional $2,500 to $7,500 for each affected individual for whom the breach was relevant}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid15666763 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15666763 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000a030
2a2feeddda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}