{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid6170555}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min27}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min27}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages11}{\nofwords3801}{\nofchars21667}{\nofcharsws25418}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot6170555 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6170555 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q31. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid6170555 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Are there any specific industries or sectors that are not sufficiently covered by the regulations, leaving them vulnerable to cyber threats}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid6170555 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid3439582 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid6170555 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid6170555 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line 5. Arizona \line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 6. Colorado \line 7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island \line 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 
18. Oregon \line 19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. South Carolina \line 23. Indiana\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. Kansas 
\line 28. Arkansas \line 29. Idaho \line 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 40. Alabama 
\line 41. North Dako\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. New Mexico \line 46. Kentucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 
50. Illinois \line \line New Hampshire: \line According to RSA 420 -P:4: \line There are no specific industries or sectors mentioned in the regulations that \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
re not sufficiently covered, leaving them vulnerable to cyber threats. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420-P_4.pdf \line \line Delaware: \line \hich\f1 According to 18 Del. C. \'a7\loch\f1  8606: 
\line \line a. The cybersecurity legislation primarily focuses on\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
the insurance sector and does not explicitly cover other industries or sectors that may also be vulnerable to cyber threats. This could potentially leave those industries unprotected and at risk of cybersecurity incidents. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybers\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 curity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8606.pdf \line \line Virginia: \line \hich\f1 Summary: The regulations outlined in Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 38.2-623 provide comprehensive cybersecurity requirements for the insurance sector, emphasizing the protection of nonpublic information t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rough various safeguards and measures. However, other industries or sectors are not specifically addressed in these regulations, potentially leaving them vulnerable to cyber threats. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\
Insurance\\Va. Code A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 n. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-623.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  2.2-3705.2(2).pdf \line \line 
New York: \line I am sorry, but I cannot provide an answer based on the empty context provided. Please provide relevant information for me to assist you eff\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ciently. \line \line Arizona: \line 
I do not have any context to answer this question. \line \line Colorado: \line \hich\f1 According to Homeland Security Act of 2002, \'a7\loch\f1  2114: \line 
a) The Maritime Transportation Security Act (MTSA) of 2002 aims to address vulnerabilities in the maritime industry. \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
b) The FAA Modernization and Reform Act (Public Law 112-95) addresses cybersecurity and the need for secure and resilient transportation systems, specifically within the aviation industry. \line c) The Fixing America\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s Surface Transportation (FAST) Act require\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  the transportation sector to improve security and address vulnerabilities. \line \hich\f1 d) The Protecting Critical Infrastructure Act (18 U.S.C. 
\'a7\loch\f1  2339C) penalizes individuals who contribute to the transportation sector's vulnerabilities. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\U\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 er\\Documents\\TraCR\\
Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislation\\Homeland_Security_Act_2002.pdf \line \line Georgia: \line I'm sorry, but I need the specific information or context related to Transportation Cybersecurity Legislations in order to answer your question accurate
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y. Please provide me with the relevant details or context so I can assist you effectively. \line \line Vermont: \line \hich\f1 According to 8 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4728: \line \line 
Specific industries or sectors that are not sufficiently covered by the regulations, leaving them vulnerable to cyber th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
eats, include licensees with fewer than 20 employees, employees, agents, representatives, or designees of a licensee, and licensees affiliated with a financial institution or credit union. These entities have exemptions from certain subsections of the law
,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  potentially posing cybersecurity risks. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Financial\\\hich\f1 8 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4728.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Cybersecurity\\
\hich\f1 20 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4662.pdf \line \line Wyoming: \line \hich\f1 According to California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  5426.5: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
1. Autonomous vehicle technology may not be commercially deployed until the Department of Transportation adopts safety standards for the development, testing, and deployment of autonomous vehicles. \line 
2. The legislation leaves the bikesharing industry vulne\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 able to cyber threats due to lack of specific regulations addressing their unique cybersecurity needs. \line \line References: \line 
1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Transportation\\\hich\f1 Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5426.5.pdf \line \line Rhode Isl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nd: \line 
According to Transportation Cybersecurity Modernization Act (TCMA) of 2021: \line 1. The regulations may not sufficiently cover all industries or sectors, leaving them vulnerable to cyber threats. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD
\\PhD Research\\RAG-ap\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Current Cybersecurity Law\\Transportation\\Transportation Cybersecurity Modernization Act (TCMA) 2021.pdf \line \line Nebraska: \line \hich\f1 According to 23 V.S.A. 
\'a7\loch\f1  1952: \line \line 1. The regulations do not sufficiently cover the transportation industry, leaving it vulnerable to cyber\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
threats. Over the last decade, there have been numerous reports and studies highlighting the vulnerabilities of the transportation sector to cyberattacks, yet legislation has been slow to address these risks. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\
User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Re\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 earch\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Transportation\\\hich\f1 23 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  1952.pdf \line \line Nevada: \line 
Summary: The response highlights that industries such as transportation, health care, energy, education, law enforcement, and commercial enterprises are specifi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
ally addressed for cybersecurity measures under Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.900 in Nevada. It emphasizes the importance of comprehensive coverage across all sectors to mitigate vulnerabilities to cyber threats. \line \line Reference: \line 
- Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nev\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 da\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.900.pdf \line \line Michigan: \line \hich\f1 According to MCLS \'a7\loch\f1  500.555: \line 
(1) Commensurate with the size and complexity of the licensee, the nature and scope of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s activities, including its use of third -party service prov\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ders, and the sensitivity of the nonpublic information used by the licensee or in the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s possession, custody, or control, each licensee shall develop, implement, and mainta in a comprehensive written information security program, based on the lice\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 see\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s risk assessment, that contains administrative, technical, and physical safeguards for the protection of nonpublic information and the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s information system. \line (2) A lic ensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s information security program must be designed to do all of the fo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lowing: \line 
(a) Protect the security and confidentiality of nonpublic information and the security of the information system. \line (b) Protect against any threats or hazards to the security or integrity of nonpublic information and the information system. \line 
(c) P\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 otect against unauthorized access to or use of nonpublic information, and minimize the likelihood of harm to any consumer. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS _ 500.555.pdf \line \line Florida: \line According to California SB-327: \line 1. The\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
regulations may not apply equally to all industries or sectors and may leave certain industries or sectors more vulnerable to cyber threats. \line 
2. The bill aims to address this gap by implementing specific requirements for manufacturers of connected devices.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 
3. Therefore, there are industries or sectors that are not sufficiently covered by the regulations, potentially leaving them vulnerable to cyber threats. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nnected Devices\\California SB-327.pdf \line \line Missouri: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1 1798.29(c): \line 
1. Transportation is one sector that stands out as being not adequately covered by these regulations, leaving it vulnerable to cyber threats. \line \line References: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app
\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Privacy regulations\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1 1798.29.pdf \line \line Wisconsin: \line \hich\f1 According to Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952: \line \line (9) Exemptions. \line 
(a) This section does not apply to a licensee who meets \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ny of the following criteria: \line 1. Has less than $10,000,000 in year-end total assets. \line 
2. Has less than $5,000,000 in gross annual revenue. \line 3. Has fewer than 50 employees, including independent contractors, who work at least 30 hours a week for the licen\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ee. \line 
(b) A licensee who ceases to qualify for the exemption under par. (a) shall comply with this section no later than 180 days after the date the licensee ceases to qualify. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\
\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  60\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 .952.pdf \line \line Tennessee: \line \hich\f1 According to Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56 -2-1004: \line 
1) The regulations cover the insurance sector specifically, making sure licensees in this industry develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive information security program based on ri\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
k assessment to protect nonpublic information and information systems. \line 
2) These regulations focus on protecting against threats, unauthorized access, and ensuring proper management of nonpublic information throughout operations, including the use of thir\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
-party service providers. \line 3) Licensees are required to assess risks, implement appropriate safeguards, conduct regular assessments of controls, and include cybersecurity risks in their enterprise risk management process. \line 
4) There are specific measures l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 censees must implement, such as access controls, encryption, secure development practices, multi-factor authentication procedures, and incident response plans. 
\line 5) Furthermore, insurers domiciled in Tennessee are mandated to submit annual certifications o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 compliance with these regulations and maintain records supporting certification for inspection by the department. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004.pdf 
\line \line Oregon: \line Based on the information provided\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 in the context: \line \line \hich\f1 According to U.S. Code Title 6 \'a7\loch\f1 
 221, the transportation cybersecurity laws do not specifically cover the maritime sector, leaving it vulnerable to cyber threats. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cyber
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecurity Law\\United States\\Title 6\\\hich\f1 US Code Title 6 \'a7\loch\f1  221.pdf \line \line Connecticut: \line \hich\f1 According to Conn. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 38a -38, the legislation covers various industries but exceptions apply, leaving certain sectors vulnerable to cyber threats: \line \line 10) Exceptions. \line (A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 )\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Exceptions include: \line 
(i) During the period beginning on October 1, 2021, and ending on September 30, 2022, each licensee with fewer than twenty employees shall be exempt from this subsection. \line (ii) Each licensee that is subject to the Health Insurance Po
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tability and Accountability Act of 1996, P.L. 104-191, may be exempt if they have established and maintain an information security program pursuant to said act. \line 
(iii) Each employee, agent, representative, or designee of a licensee, who is also a licensee,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  may be exempt from the provisions of this subsection. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\
Insurance\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 38a-38.pdf \line \line Mississippi: \line \hich\f1 According to Miss. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  83-5-807: \line Industries or sectors that are not sufficientl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 covered by the regulations, leaving them vulnerable to cyber threats, include those that do not exercise due diligence in selecting third-party service providers. Additionally, the regulations may not adequately cover industries that do not require third
-\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 party service providers to implement appropriate administrative, technical, and physical measures to protect and secure information systems and nonpublic information. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Insurance\\Miss. Code Ann. __ 83-\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 -807.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.80: \line 
1. The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), California Business and Professions Code Section 1798.118, and California Civil Code Section 1798.45, also provide penalties for violations.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 
2. Financial institutions, telecommunications companies, internet service providers, and utility companies are subject to separate sector-specific cybersecurity laws and regulations. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research
\\RAG-app\\Current C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 bersecurity Law\\California\\Privacy\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.80.pdf \line \line South Carolina: \line 
The response provided does not specifically mention any industries or sectors that are not sufficiently covered by the regulations, leaving them vulnerable to cyber threats.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20.pdf \line \line Indiana: \line I cannot provide an answer using the present context. \line \line Utah: \line \hich\f1 
According to Michigan Codified Laws \'a7\loch\f1  257.30b: \line b. Many of the sectors regulated\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
by other established frameworks, such as the financial services and healthcare sectors, are not specifically addressed in the Act, leaving them vulnerable to cybersecurity threats. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\
RAG-app\\Current Cyber\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecurity Law\\Michigan\\Michigan Codified Laws\\MI ST 257.30b.pdf \line \line West Virginia: \line According to the Cybersecurity Legislation of Georgia, Title 50: \line 
1. Specific industries such as the transportation sector are not sufficiently covered by the regulations, lea\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ing them vulnerable to cyber threats. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\
User\\Documents\\Cybersecurity\\Laws\\Georgia\\Title 50.pdf \line \line Maryland: \line \hich\f1 The response provided details about the Maryland Public Utility Companies Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  2-108, which outlines the requiremen
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s for the Commission regarding cybersecurity standards and best practices for regulated entities, including public service companies in the state such as investor-owned electric companies, electric cooperatives, municipal electric companies, gas companies
,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 and water companies. The Commission is tasked with collaborating to establish and periodically share cybersecurity initiatives and best practices, as well as collecting certifications of compliance and submitting reports to the State Chief Information Se
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
urity Officer or their designee. Furthermore, the report includes an overview of cybersecurity technology and policies used by different types of public service companies, general recommendations for improvement, and details of certifications collected. 
\line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Reference: \line 1. Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Insurance\\Md. Insurance Code Ann. _ 33-103.pdf \line 2. Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Government\\
Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.5-406.pdf \line \line Kansas: \line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code K.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 7\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5 -7240: \line \line 
1) The regulations cover all sectors and industries by requiring agencies to comply with applicable state and federal laws and regulations to ensure data and information technology resources are maintained securely. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cy\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\K.S.A. _ 75-7240.pdf \line \line Arkansas: \line There is no context provided to answer this question. \line \line Idaho: \line 
I am sorry. I cannot assist with this question as it is not covered in the provided contexts. If you have any other question\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 related to transportation cybersecurity legislations, feel free to ask. \line \line North Carolina: \line \hich\f1 According to The Transportation Cybersecurity Legislation 18 U.S.C. \'a7\loch\f1  1525: \line 
1. Cybersecurity regulations for the transportation sector may vary across different i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 dustries and sectors. \line 
2. As a result, certain industries or sectors within the transportation sector may not be sufficiently covered by the regulations, leaving them vulnerable to cyber threats. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\Legislati
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\\Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislation_USC_1525.pdf \line \line Texas: \line 
I am sorry, but I don't seem to have any context information provided to give a relevant response to the question. If you could provide me with the necessary details or context, I would be \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
appy to assist you further. \line \line California: \line I'm sorry, but I couldn't locate any specific information related to industries or sectors that are not sufficiently covered by the regulations in the provided contexts. \line \line References: 
\line \line Montana: \line I am sorry, but \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 I\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 am unable to generate a response as the information needed to answer the question is missing. If you could provide me with the relevant context, I would be happy to assist you further. \line \line Massachusetts: \line \hich\f1 
According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.29: \line 1. B\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
sides, the fragmented nature of current federal and state standards can leave personal data and transportation systems vulnerable, specifically in light of ongoing and expanding connectivity trends creating a "surface area" for cyber threats. \line 
References:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1) C:\\Cybersecurity\\Transportation\\California\\\hich\f1 California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.29.docx \line \line Iowa: \line 
The response provided states that covered entities in Iowa must adhere to specific industry-recognized cybersecurity frameworks, including federal laws such as th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) and the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. These regulations cover entities regulated by the state or federal government, ensuring compliance with cybersecurity standards. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cyberse\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urity Law\\Iowa\\Commerce\\Iowa Code _ 554G.3.pdf \line \line New Jersey: \line 
According to the U.S. Department of Transportation Cybersecurity Best Practices, some industries not sufficiently covered by the regulations include the telecommunications sector, medical devic\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s industry, and small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), which may leave them vulnerable to cyber threats. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\USDOT
\\Transportation_Cybersecurity_Best_Practices.pdf \line \line Was\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ington: \line 
I am sorry, but I do not have any information specific to industries or sectors not sufficiently covered by the regulations in the provided contexts. \line \line References: \line N/A \line \line Louisiana: \line \hich\f1 According to La. R.S. \'a7
\loch\f1  22:2504, specific industries or sectors\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
that are not sufficiently covered by the regulations, leaving them vulnerable to cyber threats, include insurance companies that are not domiciled in Louisiana. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Insurance\\
La. R.S. _ 22_2504.pdf \line \line Maine\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code 24-A M.R.S. \'a7\loch\f1  2264: \line 
4. Risk management. Based on its risk assessment pursuant to subsection 3, a licensee shall: \line A. Design its information security program to mitigate the identified risks, commensurate with the size and \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 omplexity of the licensee, the nature and scope of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s activities, including its use of 3rd -party service providers, and the sensitivity of the nonpublic information used by the licensee or in the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s possession, custody or control. \line \line R
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ferences: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf \line \line Alabama: \line \hich\f1 According to 23 Del. C. \'a7\loch\f1  802: \line 
2. Except as otherwise provided in subsection 3 of this section, all information collected under this chapter is confidential and is\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
not a public record subject to disclosure under Chapter 100 of Title 29. (a) Except as otherwise provided in subsection 3 of this section, any information collected under this chapter and any person under the supervision or control of an agency in any oth
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
r state is confidential and is not a public record subject to disclosure under this chapter. The laws on the security of cyber traffic and transportation systems are in Delaware. "Some other industries may be exposed to cyber threats if they are not cover
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d by the regulations. The regulations seem focused on the transportation industry, which leaves other sectors vulnerable to cyber attacks." \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\
Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Title 23\\Del. C. _ \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 8\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 02.pdf \line \line North Dakota: \line According to Michigan Regulation on Cybersecurity, par. 15: 
\line 15. The regulations do not address specific industries or sectors that are not sufficiently covered, leaving them vulnerable to cyber threats. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 U
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ser\\Documents\\Cybersecurity Regulations\\Michigan\\Michigan_Cybersecurity_Regulations.pdf \line \line Alaska: \line \hich\f1 According to Texas Transp. Code \'a7\loch\f1  284.002: \line 
1. Interstate trucking companies are not specifically identified as being within the scope of the regulations, p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tentially leaving them vulnerable to cyber threats. \line \line References: 
\line 1) C:\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\Texas\\\hich\f1 Texas Transp. Code \'a7\loch\f1  284.002.pdf \line \line Ohio: \line According to Legislation code: ORC Ann. 3965.02 \line \line Specific industries or sectors that are not sufficientl
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 covered by the regulations, leaving them vulnerable to cyber threats, are not explicitly mentioned in the provided context. The regulations laid out in ORC Ann. 3965.02 focus on ensuring that each licensee develops, implements, and maintains a comprehens
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ve written information security program based on their risk assessment, without specifying any particular industries or sectors that may be lacking in coverage. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\ORC Ann. 3965.02.pdf \line 2) Current Cy\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Commercial Transactions\\ORC Ann. 1354.02.pdf \line \line Pennsylvania: \line 
According to H.R. 1361 - Transportation Security Administration Modernization Act: \line 1. The legislation does not specifically address sectors outside of traditional transport\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tion modes, such as emerging technologies in transportation, leaving them potentially vulnerable to cyber threats. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\TraCR\\Transportation Security\\
H.R. 1361 - Transportation Security Administration Modernization Act.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 pdf \line \line New Mexico: \line 
I was not able to find any information regarding specific industries or sectors that are not sufficiently covered by the regulations in the provided contexts. \line \line References: \line 1) File not provided \line \line Kentucky: \line 
According to Legislation cod\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 : KRS \'a7\loch\f1  292.336: \line \line 
1) The regulations do not explicitly cover specific industries or sectors that are not sufficiently covered by the legislation, leaving them vulnerable to cyber threats. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Finance\\KRS _
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 292.336.pdf \line \line Hawaii: \line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code: HRS \'a7\loch\f1  431:3B -203: \line \line 
1. Based on the provided regulations, there are no specific industries or sectors that are mentioned as not being covered by the regulations, leaving them vulnerable to cyber threa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s. The regulations focus on the licensee's risk assessment, designing an information security program, implementing security measures, including cybersecurity risks in enterprise risk management, and providing cybersecurity awareness training for personne
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 . \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Insruance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-203.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line 
The response provided outlines specific requirements for information security programs for licensees in the insurance industry under Minn. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 tat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 60A.9851. It includes provisions related to risk assessment, safeguards for nonpublic information, oversight by the board of directors, selection of third-party service providers, and annual certification. The regulations aim to ensure that license
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s have comprehensive cybersecurity measures in place based on their risk assessment and the nature of their activities. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\
Insurance\\Minn. Stat. _ 60A.9851.pdf \line \line South Dakota: \line According to Florida Statute\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Title XXXII. Chapter 531.301: \line 
b. Additional concerns related to transportation cybersecurity include ensuring the security of autonomous vehicles and emerging transportation technologies to prevent cyber-attacks on them. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 B\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ox\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Florida Statutes Title XXXII. Chapter 531.pdf \line \line Illinois: \line According to 215 ILCS 215/10: \line (b) A licensee
\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s information security program shall be designed to: \line (1) protect the security and confi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
entiality of nonpublic information and the security of the information system; \line (2) protect against any threats or hazards to the security or integrity of nonpublic information and the information system; \line 
(3) protect against unauthorized access to or use\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 of nonpublic information; \line (4) minimize the likelihood of harm to any consumer; and \line 
(5) define and periodically reevaluate a schedule for retention of nonpublic information and a mechanism for its destruction when no longer needed, except if the informat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
on is otherwise required to be retained by law or rule or if targeted disposal is not reasonably feasible due to the manner in which the information is maintained. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\
215 ILCS 215_10.pdf \line \line Accord\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ng to the contexts provided: \line \line \hich\f1 - In the case of RSA 420-P:4, 18 Del. C. \'a7\loch\f1 \hich\f1  8606, Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
\hich\f1  38.2-623, 8 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1 \hich\f1  4728, California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1 \hich\f1  5426.5, Transportation Cybersecurity Modernization Act of 2021, 23 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1 \hich\f1  1952, MCLS \'a7\loch\f1  500.555, Californ
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 a SB-327, California Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1 \hich\f1 1798.29(c), Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 \hich\f1  601.952, Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 \hich\f1  56 -2-1004, U.S. Code Title 6 \'a7
\loch\f1  221, and others, it is highlighted that there are specific industries or sectors not sufficiently covered by the regulations, potentially l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
aving them vulnerable to cyber threats. These sectors include licensees with less than 20 employees, financial institution affiliates, the bikesharing industry, the transportation industry, and more. \line \line 
Therefore, yes, there are specific industries or sect\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rs mentioned in various regulations that are not adequately covered, potentially exposing them to cybersecurity risks}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid6170555 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6170555 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e50000000000000000000000005048
4d83ffddda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}