{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid2376706}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min47}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min47}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages13}{\nofwords5391}{\nofchars30729}{\nofcharsws36048}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot2376706 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2376706 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q32. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid2376706 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Do the regulations impose clear obligations on entities responsible for protecting sensitive data, or are there loopholes that allow certain entities to evade accountability}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid2376706 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid7824290 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid2376706 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid2376706 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 4. New York \line 5. Arizona 
\line 6. Colorado \line 7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island \line 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 18. Oregon \line 
19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 outh Carolina \line 23. Indiana \line 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. Kansas \line 
28. Arkansas \line 29. Idaho \line 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 4\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 0. Alabama \line 41. North Dakota \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. New Mexico \line 46. Kentucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota 
\line 50. Illinois \line \line New Hampshire: \line The response outlines the regulations specified in RSA 420-P:4, which require l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
censees to develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive written information security program. The program should include administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect nonpublic information and the licensee's information system. It also
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
emphasizes the need to assess risks, identify threats, implement safeguards, and regularly evaluate the program's effectiveness. Additionally, specific security measures such as access controls, encryption, secure development practices, and monitoring sys
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ems are detailed to mitigate risks. The regulations aim to protect against unauthorized access, ensure data confidentiality, and minimize harm to consumers. \line \line Reference: \line 
- Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420-P_4.pdf \line \line Delaware: \line The\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 regulations outlined in 18 Del. C. \'a7\loch\f1 
 8604 impose clear obligations on entities responsible for protecting sensitive data. These obligations include developing, implementing, and maintaining a comprehensive information security program based on a risk asse\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
sment, protecting nonpublic information, addressing threats to the information system, and minimizing harm to consumers. The program should include risk assessment, risk management, oversight by the board of directors, oversight of third-party service pro
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 iders, program adjustments, and an incident response plan. Entities are also required to submit an annual certification of compliance to the Commissioner of the domiciliary state. \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 8\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 604.pdf \line \line Virginia: \line \hich\f1 Summary: Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 38.2-623 mandates licensees to establish and maintain comprehensive information security programs to protect nonpublic information. The program should include safeguards, risk mitigation, access controls, inci\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ent response plans, and compliance reporting. It also emphasizes due diligence in selecting third-party service providers and regular monitoring and updating of security measures. \line \line Reference: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Insurance\\Va. Code Ann.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-623.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Criminal\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 18.2-186.6.pdf \line \line New York: \line Summary of Response: \line - The regulations clearly impose obligations on entities responsible for protecting sensitive data. \line - State entities must dis\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lose any breach of the security of the system to affected persons in a timely manner. \line - Exceptions exist for inadvertent disclosures by authorized persons that may not result in harm. \line 
- Various notification requirements are outlined for breaches affecti\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g different numbers of residents. \line 
- The State office of information technology services is responsible for training programs to prevent security breaches. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Internet Security and Privacy Act\\_ 208.pdf \line 2
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 )\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Education\\\hich\f1 NY CLS Educ \'a7\loch\f1  2-d.pdf \line \line Arizona: \line According to California Code - Public Utilities Code (GOV): \line 
1. Section 8386.9(c) requires electric utilities to provide customers with "an unredacted version of a report" wit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 in 30 days of a security breach. \line 
2. However, there are instances where companies may withhold certain information under Section 8386.9(d), which states: "A report prepared or received by an electrical corporation may be redacted if the electrical corpora\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ion determines that public disclosure of that information would pose a risk to national security or proprietary information." \line 
3. While there are provisions for redaction, overall, the regulations do impose clear obligations on entities responsible for pr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tecting sensitive data. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\
Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Public Utilities Code\\Cal. Pub. Util. Code - GOV.pdf \line \line Colorado: \line Summary: \line The regulations under C.R.S. 6-1-716 clearly impose oblig
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tions on entities responsible for protecting sensitive data. They require prompt investigation of security breaches, notification to affected Colorado residents, and measures to restore data integrity within thirty days of breach confirmation. Provisions 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nsure accountability by prohibiting charges for breach notices and mandating notifications to consumer reporting agencies for breaches affecting over one thousand residents. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C.R.S. 6-1-716.pdf: Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Consumer\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Protection Act \line 2) C.R.S. 2-3-1704.pdf: Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\
Joint Technology Committee \line 3) C.R.S. 24-73-103.pdf: Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity \line \line Georgia: \line According to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (N\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 H
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 TSA) cybersecurity best practices: \line \line 4.4.2 Chain-of-Custody Security \line 
The regulations do impose clear obligations on entities responsible for protecting sensitive data, as evidenced by requirements such as maintaining a chain-of-custody security over data\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
throughout its lifecycle to ensure data integrity, confidentiality, and availability. There are no loopholes noted that allow certain entities to evade accountability. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Documents\\NHTSA\\Cybersecurity\\
Best_Practices_Regulations.pdf \line \line Ver\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ont: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 The regulations under 9 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1 
 2435 clearly impose obligations on entities responsible for protecting sensitive data. Data collectors are required to notify consumers of security breaches promptly. Accountability measures are in place, i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
cluding reporting breaches to the Attorney General or Department of Financial Regulation and providing detailed breach descriptions. Law enforcement can request delays in notification if needed for investigations or national security. Entities must provid
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 clear notices to affected consumers with breach details and protection guidance. Specific notification methods and exemptions for financial institutions regulated by the Department of Financial Regulation are also outlined. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 security Law\\Vermont\\Commerce\\\hich\f1 9 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  2435.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Commerce\\\hich\f1 9 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  2435.pdf \line 
\line Wyoming: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 The regulations outlined in Wyo. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  40-12-502 impose obligations on entities operating in Wyoming to investigat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 and notify residents about data breaches containing personal identifying information. Law enforcement can delay notification for criminal investigations, and financial institutions complying with specific regulations are deemed compliant. Notice methods 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nclude written, electronic, or substitute notices, with specific breach details required. The attorney general can take legal action for violations, and entities managing data for others must promptly disclose breaches. Compliance with HIPAA also ensures 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ompliance with this section. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wyoming\\Data Breach Notification\\\hich\f1 Wyo. Stat. -\'ba\loch\f1  40-12-502.pdf \line \line 
Rhode Island: \line I cannot provide assistance with this request as it involves fictitious information. \line \line Nebraska: \line Summar\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 : \line \hich\f1 The regulations in R.R.S. Neb. \'a7
\loch\f1  87-803 impose obligations on individuals and commercial entities in Nebraska to conduct prompt investigations and provide notice to affected residents and the Attorney General in the event of a breach of security of the
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
system. Cooperation with data owners or licensees is also required if personal information of Nebraska residents is compromised. Law enforcement may delay notification if it could impede a criminal investigation. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity La\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Nebraska\\Financial\\\hich\f1 R.R.S. Neb. \'a7\loch\f1  87-803.pdf \line \line Nevada: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5: \line 
1. Regulations impose clear obligations on entities responsible for protecting sensitive data. \line 2. There are no loopholes that allow certain entities to evad\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  accountability. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\Cal. Civ. Code _ 1798.81.5.pdf \line \line Michigan: \line \hich\f1 Summary: The regulations outlined in Legislation code MCLS \'a7
\loch\f1  500.555 impose clear obl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
gations on entities responsible for protecting sensitive data. Specific duties and requirements are detailed in the document to ensure the security and confidentiality of nonpublic information, without any apparent loopholes for entities to evade accounta
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ility. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS _ 500.555.pdf_Context 1 \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\
MCLS _ 500.555.pdf_Context 2 \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS _ 500.555.pdf_Context 3 \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Florida: \line \hich\f1 According to Fla. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 501.171, the regulations impose clear obligations on entities responsible for protecting sensitive data. Each covered entity, governmental entity, or third-party agent is required to take reasonable measures to protect\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
and secure data in electronic form containing personal information. These entities must provide notice to the department of any breach of security affecting 500 or more individuals in the state within 30 days of determining the breach or reason to believe
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
a breach occurred. Failure to provide proper notice can lead to civil penalties not exceeding $500,000, depending on the duration of the violation. There is no private cause of action established in this section. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity La\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Florida\\Consumer Protection\\Fla. Stat. _ 501.171.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Consumer Protection\\Fla. Stat. _ 501.171(2).pdf \line \line 
Missouri: \line I'm sorry, but without any context provided, I am unable to give a response. Please provide me with th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  necessary information to assist you further. \line \line Wisconsin: 
\line \hich\f1 According to Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952: \line \line 1) The regulations impose clear obligations on entities responsible for protecting sensitive data. The licensee is required to develop, implement, and maintai
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  a comprehensive written information security program based on risk assessment. This program must contain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards for the protection of the licensee
\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s information systems and nonpublic information. \line \line 2) There are\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
no loopholes that allow certain entities to evade accountability as the statute specifies various security measures that must be implemented by the licensee, including access controls, data management, encryption for nonpublic information, regular testing
,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  and monitoring of systems, among others. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952.pdf \line \line Tennessee: \line 
Summary: The regulations in Tennessee impose clear obligations on entities to protect sensitive data. Entities\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
must establish comprehensive written information security programs based on risk assessments, including administrative, technical, and physical safeguards. The legislation mandates specific requirements for licensees to prevent evasion of accountability, 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 uch as conducting risk assessments, implementing security measures, and submitting annual compliance certifications by insurers domiciled in the state. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004.pdf \line 2) Cur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ent Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Consumer Protection\\
47-18-2110. Protecting social security numbers from disclosure.pdf \line \line Oregon: \line \hich\f1 Based on Calif. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5: \line 1. Specific obligations are imposed on entities collecting personal data, including i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 forming consumers of the categories of personal information collected and the purposes for which the information will be used. \line 
2. The regulations require entities to allow consumers to opt-out of the sale of their personal information. \line 3. Entities are m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ndated to provide consumers with the ability to request deletion of their personal information. \line 4. The law includes provisions for entities to verify consumer requests regarding their personal information. \line 
5. Overall, the regulations establish clear obl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 gations on entities responsible for protecting sensitive data without significant loopholes. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\
Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Consumer Protection\\\hich\f1 Calif. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5.pdf \line \line Connectic\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t: \line \hich\f1 
According to Conn. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  42 -901: \line \line 
1) The regulations clearly impose obligations on entities responsible for protecting sensitive data. The statute outlines that in any cause of action founded in tort alleging a data breach, the Superior Court\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
shall not assess punitive damages against a covered entity if such entity maintains a written cybersecurity program with administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in line with an industry-recognized cybersecurity framework and designed as per the
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 provisions outlined in subsection (d) of this section. This exemption from punitive damages does not apply in cases of gross negligence or willful misconduct. \line \line 
2) The statute does not contain any significant loopholes that allow entities to evade account\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
bility. It specifies the criteria for a covered entity's cybersecurity program to conform to an industry recognized framework and provides clear guidelines for the protection of personal and restricted information, based on factors such as the entity's si
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 z\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e and complexity, nature of activities, sensitivity of information, and available tools to enhance security and reduce vulnerabilities. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Business Practices\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 42-901.pdf \line \line Mississippi:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 According to Miss. Code Ann. \'a7\u8201\'20\loch\f1 
 83 -5-807: \line \line 1) The regulations impose clear obligations on entities responsible for protecting sensitive data, including: \line (a) Developing, implementing, and maintaining a comprehensive written information security program.
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line (b) Protecting the security and confidentiality of nonpublic information and the information system. \line 
(c) Defining and periodically reevaluating a schedule for retention of nonpublic information and a mechanism for its destruction when no longer needed.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
2) Loopholes that potentially allow certain entities to evade accountability are not explicitly mentioned in the provided context. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Insurance\\Miss. Code Ann. __ 83-5-807.pdf \line 
\line Oklahoma: \line Summary: \line T\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 e regulations under 18 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f1 
 2070 impose clear obligations on covered entities to establish and maintain a comprehensive cybersecurity program that includes administrative, technical, and physical safeguards for protecting personal and restricted inf\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rmation. Entities must document compliance, review the program annually, and are entitled to an affirmative defense in tort actions related to data breaches if reasonable information security controls are implemented. \line 
\line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Law\\Oklahoma\\Hospital Cybersecurity Protection Act\\\hich\f1 18 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f1  2070.pdf \line \line South Carolina: \line \hich\f1 
Summary: The regulations outlined in S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20 require licensees to establish information security programs to protect nonpublic information and \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nformation systems, prevent unauthorized access, and define data retention schedules. Insurers in South Carolina must submit annual compliance statements and maintain related records for inspection. The regulations do not contain any loopholes that would 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nable entities to evade accountability. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20.pdf \line \line 
Indiana: \line \hich\f1 According to Georgia Code \'a7\loch\f1  10-6121: \line 1. Transporters should "Report any unauthorized data access or sec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rity breach to the affected individuals and the Attorney General in the most expedient time possible," \line 2. It also mandates that "Each entity responsible for protecting sensitive data from unauthorized access are subject to this subchapter." \line 
3. Moreover,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
the regulation states that "Any entity that is regulated under state or federal legislation with comparable requirements is exempt from these constraints unless they experience significant security breaches." \line 
4. Therefore, there are clear obligations imp\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
sed on entities responsible for protecting sensitive data, and exemptions are established for entities that are already regulated under state or federal legislation. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ge\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rgia\\Transportation Regulations\\\hich\f1 Ga. Code \'a7\loch\f1  10-6121.pdf \line \line Utah: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 
The regulations outlined in Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-19-401 impose clear obligations on entities responsible for protecting sensitive data. These obligations include implementing a priv\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
cy program, notifying individuals of data breaches, processing only necessary data, complying with legislation requirements, and more. There are no explicit loopholes allowing entities to evade accountability within these obligations. \line \line 
References: \line \line 1) C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rrent Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-19-401.pdf \line \line West Virginia: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 
The regulations outlined in W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  18-2-5h impose clear obligations on entities responsible for protecting sensitive data. These obligations include\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
creating a data inventory, developing policies to comply with privacy laws such as FERPA, and establishing criteria for approving data requests. The regulations prioritize safeguarding privacy by ensuring that student data remains redacted. \line \line 
References: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Education\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  18-2-5h.pdf \line \line Maryland: \line Summary: \line 
The response outlines the obligations for carriers to establish and maintain a comprehensive written information security program to protect nonpublic in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ormation and information systems. It includes requirements such as risk assessment, safeguards implementation, threat assessments, security measures, incident response plans, board oversight, and annual compliance certifications. Third-party service provi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ers must also implement protective measures. Certain exemptions exist for carriers not domiciled in the State under specific conditions. \line \line Reference: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Insurance\\Md. Insurance Code Ann. _ 33-103.pdf \line \line Kansas: \line Accordin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5: \line 
1. Regulations impose clear obligations on entities responsible for protecting sensitive data. \line 2. There are no loopholes that allow certain entities to evade accountability. \line \line References: \line 1) California Civil Code,
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5. \line \line Arkansas: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.150: \line 
1. The regulations impose clear obligations on entities responsible for protecting sensitive data. \line 2. There are no loopholes that allow certain entities to evade accountability. \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 R
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 eferences: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Downloads\\California_Civil_Code_-_Division_3_-_Part_4_-_Title_1.81.21_-_1798.150-1798.199.pdf \line \line Idaho: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.150: \line 
1. For the most critical cybersecurity threats facing our economy and critical in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rastructure, the Controller shall work closely with other federal and state agencies to exchange information and provide technical assistance. The Controller will also provide timely written and oral reports on the cybersecurity threats as required by law
.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  The Controller will collaborate with private industry and other stakeholders to help protect the state from those threats. \line \line 
2. Local agencies are encouraged to share information on cybersecurity threats with the Controller. Local agencies may also reque\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
t assistance in investigating cybersecurity threats from the Controller, who is authorized to assist local agencies in investigating cybersecurity threats. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 l. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.150.pdf \line \line North Carolina: \line 
I cannot provide a response without the necessary context provided by you. Could you please provide the relevant information or context to answer the question? \line \line Texas: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 7\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 98.150: \line \hich\f1 1. As used in this title, \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 personal information\'94\loch\f1 
 means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. \line 2. (a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 )
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Any customer injured by a violation of this title may sue to recover actual damages. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\
Cal. Civ. Code _ 1798.150.pdf \line \line California: \line I am sorry, but \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
here is no information provided in the given context to answer the question about regulations imposing clear obligations on entities responsible for protecting sensitive data or loopholes that allow certain entities to evade accountability. \line 
References: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ) None \line \line Montana: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.80: \line 
1. The regulations impose clear obligations on entities responsible for protecting sensitive data, specifically stating that "a business that owns, licenses, or maintains personal informati\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
n about a resident of California shall implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information." This indicates a clear expectation of accountability for protecting sensitive data. \line 
2. Businesses ar\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  also required to disclose data breaches, with specific requirements outlined such as notifying affected individuals in the event of a breach. \line \hich\f1 
3. Therefore, based on the regulations outlined in California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.80, there are clear obligations\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
placed on entities responsible for protecting sensitive data, without loopholes that allow evasion of accountability. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\
\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.80.pdf\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Massachusetts: \line \hich\f1 The response discusses regulations outlined in ALM GL ch. 93H, \'a7\loch\f1 
 2 which require entities that own or license personal information of Massachusetts residents to adopt measures to safeguard the information. The regulations aim to ensure s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
curity, confidentiality, protection against threats, and unauthorized access to personal information. Different branches of government are also required to establish rules or regulations for safeguarding personal information within their respective depart
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ents. The overarching goal is to protect residents of Massachusetts from harm or inconvenience due to unauthorized access to their information. \line \line Reference: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 2.pdf \line \line Iowa: \line The response\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 indicates that the regulations under Iowa Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 554G.1 clearly outline obligations for entities responsible for protecting sensitive data. Definitions and provisions in the legislation cover terms like "Business," "Data breach," "Personal information," a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
d "Restricted information," providing a comprehensive framework for cybersecurity concerns. Entities must safeguard data using encryption, redaction, and proper handling methods. Specific exceptions are included for lawful acquisition of information and d
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
sclosures mandated by court orders or regulatory duties. Overall, the regulations seem to lack significant loopholes that would enable entities to evade accountability for protecting sensitive data. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Commerc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Iowa Code _ 554G.1.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Commerce\\Iowa Code _ 554G.2.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\
Commerce\\Iowa Code _ 554G.3.pdf \line \line New Jersey: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5: \line 1. The regulations impose clear ob\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
igations on entities responsible for protecting sensitive data, as specified by specific provisions within the legislation, ensuring accountability. \line 
2. Additionally, the legislation addresses the need for oversight and accountability to prevent entities \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rom evading responsibility for protecting sensitive data, therefore limiting loopholes that would allow such evasion. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\
Information Privacy\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  17\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 9\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 8.81.5.pdf \line \line Washington: \line 
I'm sorry, but without the specific context related to transportation cybersecurity legislations, I am unable to provide an answer to the question about clear obligations and loopholes in protecting sensitive data. If you can pro
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ide more detailed information or a specific legislative code, I would be happy to assist you further. \line \line References: \line 1) N/A \line \line Louisiana: \line \hich\f1 
According to La. R.S. \'a7\loch\f1  22:2504, the regulations impose clear obligations on entities responsible for protecting sens\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tive data. These obligations include developing, implementing, and maintaining a comprehensive information security program based on risk assessment, safeguarding nonpublic information and information systems, conducting regular risk assessments, implemen
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ing security measures, providing cybersecurity awareness training to personnel, establishing an incident response plan, staying informed about emerging threats, and using reasonable security measures for sharing information. \line \line 
There are no loopholes that \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
llow certain entities to evade accountability as the legislation sets specific requirements for licensees to follow in order to ensure the protection of nonpublic information and compliance with cybersecurity standards. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ity Law\\Louisiana\\Insurance\\La. R.S. _ 22_2504.pdf \line \line Maine: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 Legislation code 24-A M.R.S. \'a7\loch\f1 
 2264 imposes clear obligations on entities to protect sensitive data by developing, implementing, and maintaining information security programs based on \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
isk assessment and safeguards. It includes conducting risk assessments, designing programs to mitigate risks, oversight by the board of directors, due diligence in selecting third-party service providers, establishing incident response plans, and annual c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rtification requirements for insurance carriers domiciled in the state. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf \line \line 
Alabama: \line Summary: \line The response outlines the provisions of the Alabama Data Breach Notification Ac\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
, specifying penalties for violations related to notification requirements. It includes details on civil penalties, exemptions for government entities, actions by the Attorney General, and reporting obligations. Entities found violating the notification p
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ovisions may face civil penalties up to $500,000 per breach. Government entities are subject to notification requirements, with specific provisions for breaches involving third-party agents. The Attorney General is empowered to enforce compliance and repo
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t breaches annually to relevant authorities. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Alabama\\Data Breach Notification Act\\Files(12).pdf \line \line North Dakota: \line 
\hich\f1 According to N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1 -02.2-03: \line 1. The regulations impose clear obligations on ent\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ties responsible for protecting sensitive data as each licensee is required to develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive written information security program based on the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s risk assessment. The program must contain administrative, technica\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 , and physical safeguards for the protection of nonpublic information and the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s information system. \line 2. The information security program must address various aspects including protecting the security and confidentiality of nonpublic information, \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rotecting against threats or hazards to the security or integrity of nonpublic information, protecting against unauthorized access to nonpublic information, defining and periodically re-evaluating a schedule for retention of nonpublic information, and imp
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ementing safeguards to manage identified threats. \line \line References: \line 1. File name: Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1 
 26.1-02.2-03.pdf \line \line Alaska: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.29: \line \line 1. Except as provided in subdivi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ion (b) or (c), a business shall implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information to protect the personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. 
\line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
2. A business that owns, licenses, or maintains personal information about a California resident shall implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information to protect the personal information fro
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. \line 
3. If a business maintains personal information that is owned by a third party, the business or a third party shall implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
propriate to the nature of the information, to protect the personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Code\\Cal Civ Code _ 1798.29.pdf \line \line Ohio: \line 
Summary: The regulations outlined in Legislation code ORC Ann. 1354.02 specify that covered entities must implement written cybersecurity programs with safeguards for personal and restricted information to be eligi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 le for an affirmative defense in tort actions related to data breaches. Compliance with industry-recognized cybersecurity frameworks is required to avoid liability. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law
\\Ohio\\Commercial Transactions\\ORC Ann. 1354.02.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 df \line \line Pennsylvania: \line 
I am sorry, I couldn't find any specific context in your question for me to provide an answer. Could you please provide me with more information or context to assist you better? \line \line New Mexico: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code 
\'a7\loch\f1  1798.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 8\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2: \line 1. Vehicle manufacturers shall provide the consumer with the capability to delete all personal data that is generated through the use of the vehicle. \line 
2. Vehicle manufacturers shall not use personal data without consent for advertising or marketing pu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 poses. \line 
3. Vehicle manufacturers shall not sell, share, or transfer personal data to third parties for their own use unless the consumer expressly consents. \line 4. The regulations do impose clear obligations on entities responsible for protecting sensitive d
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ta. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\Cal. Civ. Code _ 1798.82.pdf \line \line Kentucky: 
\line \hich\f1 According to KRS \'a7\loch\f1  292.336: \line 1) The regulations impose clear obligations on entities responsible for\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
protecting sensitive data, outlining specific requirements for recordkeeping, reporting, and establishing written physical security and cybersecurity policies and procedures. \line 
2) There are no loopholes that allow certain entities to evade accountability, \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s the legislation stipulates detailed measures that must be adhered to by registered broker-dealers, firm employing issuer agents, and investment advisers. \line 
3) The rules require the preservation of records for three years, compliance with reporting requir\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ments, filing correcting amendments if information becomes inaccurate, conducting examinations, establishing business continuity and succession plans, and implementing physical security and cybersecurity policies. \line 
4) The commissioner may prohibit unreaso\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 able charges, profits, commissions, or other compensation of broker-dealers and investment advisers, further strengthening accountability. \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Finance\\KRS _ 292.336.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Insurance\\KRS _ 304.3-756.pdf \line \line Hawaii: \line \hich\f1 According to HRS \'a7
\loch\f1  431:3B -203, the regulations impose clear obligations on entities responsible for protecting sensitive data. The licensee must design its information security program to mitigate identified risks,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 determine appropriate security measures, include cybersecurity risks in the enterprise risk management process, stay informed about emerging threats, and provide cybersecurity awareness training to personnel. There are specific security measures listed, 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 uch as placing access controls, using encryption, implementing audit trails, and developing procedures for secure disposal of information. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Insruance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-203.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line Su\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 mary: \line \hich\f1 The regulations outlined in Minn. Stat. \'a7
\loch\f1  60A.9851 impose clear obligations on licensees to develop, implement, and maintain comprehensive information security programs to protect sensitive data. Requirements include risk assessment, management, ov\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rsight by the board of directors, oversight of third-party service providers, incident response plans, and annual certification of compliance to the commissioner. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Minnesota\\Insurance\\Minn. Stat. _ 60A.9851.pdf \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 South Dakota: \line 
According to the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials (AASHTO) are responsible for safeguarding transportation systems and as part of that responsibility AASHTO is very interested in seeing that the use of ITS 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s secure and safe. Security standards and practices are an essential part of that effort. Consistent with federal law and guidance, AASHTO recommends, among other things, the concept of defense in depth. Through default settings and optional practices and
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
countermeasures are strongly encouraged in 3. NHTSA's current Federal Automated Vehicle Policy includes the voluntary guidelines for industry regarding protection against cybersecurity threats. It is guarded or exposed information security controls. NHTSA
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 will remain attentive to Cybersecurity. In recognition of the extraordinary capabilities and broad range of safety and benefits of highly automated vehicles. \line \line References: \line 
1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Regulation\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 NHTSA Reg. Req. _49 CFR 571.150.pdf \line \line Illinois: \line 
The Response states that according to Legislation code 215 ILCS 215/10, entities responsible for protecting sensitive data are obligated to develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive written informat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
on security program. This program must include administrative, technical, and physical safeguards for the protection of nonpublic information and the information system. The program should be designed to protect against threats, unauthorized access, and m
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nimize harm to consumers. Additionally, it should include a schedule for retention of nonpublic information and a mechanism for its destruction when no longer needed. The reference part remains the same for further details. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cyber\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_10.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Business\\815 ILCS 530_10.pdf \line \line 
The regulations impose clear obligations on entities responsible for protecting sensitive data. Entities must develop, implement, and \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
aintain comprehensive information security programs based on risk assessments, with administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in place. These programs are designed to protect nonpublic information, prevent unauthorized access, and minimize harm t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 consumers. Additionally, the regulations require entities to regularly assess risks, identify threats, implement safeguards, and evaluate program effectiveness. There are no loopholes that allow certain entities to evade accountability for protecting sen
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 itive data}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid2376706 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2376706 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000f0e3
b45502deda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}