{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff1\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f52\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f441\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f442\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f444\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f445\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f446\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f447\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f448\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f449\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid2376706\rsid7222724\rsid7824290}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min47}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min49}{\version3}{\edmins1}{\nofpages13}{\nofwords5114}{\nofchars29152}{\nofcharsws34198}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot2376706 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7222724 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q33. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid7222724 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Are there any gaps in the requirements for incident response planning and reporting, potentially leading to delays or inadequate responses to cyber incidents}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid7222724 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid2376706 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid7222724 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid7222724 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5. Arizona 
\line 6. Colorado \line 7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island \line 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 18. Oregon \line 
19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. South Carolina \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 23. Indiana \line 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. Kansas \line 28. Arkansas \line 29. Idaho \line 
30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 40. Alabama \line 41.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 North Dakota \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. New Mexico \line 46. Kentucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 50. Illinois \line \line New Hampshire: \line Summary: \line 
RSA 420 -P:4 outlines detailed requirements for incident response planning tailored \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
o the size, complexity, and activities of the licensee. The plan must address internal processes, communication strategies, role definitions, remediation requirements, documentation, and plan evaluation. The comprehensive guidelines aim to ensure prompt a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d effective responses to cybersecurity events, minimizing delays or inadequate responses. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420-P_4.pdf 
\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420-P_6.pdf \line \line Delaware:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 The legislation outlined in 18 Del. C. \'a7\loch\f1 
 8604 includes requirements for incident response planning and reporting. The response indicates that based on the legislation, there are no explicit gaps identified that could lead to delays or inadequate response\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  to cyber incidents. The framework includes directives for promptly responding to cybersecurity events and ensuring the confidentiality and integrity of nonpublic information. \line \line Reference: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8604.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 pdf \line \line Virginia: \line \hich\f1 Summary: The response highlights the requirements outlined in Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 38.2-623 regarding incident response planning for cybersecurity events. It specifies the components that need to be addressed in the incident response plan, suc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 as internal processes, goals, roles, communication protocols, remediation requirements, documentation, and plan evaluation. The reference section includes links to the specific sections of the cybersecurity law in Virginia related to insurance. \line 
\line Referen\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 es: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-623.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 
Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-625.pdf \line \line New York: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 The response highlights provisions outlined in NY CLS Pub Ser \'a7\loch\f1  66 regar\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ing cybersecurity measures for electric corporations, including requirements for incident response planning and reporting, monitoring and protecting customer data, recovery of costs for climate resilience plans, and monitoring operational networks. The co
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
mission will review compliance of electric corporations with incident response planning and reporting, provide reports to relevant authorities, and develop tools to protect customer data. Customer data confidentiality must be maintained, and rules for adv
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nced metering infrastructure installation are to be implemented. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Public Health\\\hich\f1 NY CLS Pub Ser \'a7\loch\f1 
 66.pdf \line \line Arizona: \line According to Cyber Security Information Sharing Act of 2015: \line 3. The CYBERSECURITY INCI\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 D\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ENT RESPONSE PLAN has elements for: \line 
a. Preparing for immediate, effective response \line b. Gaps in the legislation described above \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\National\\Cyber Security Information Shari
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g Act of 2015.doc \line \line Colorado: \line Based on the information in the technical assistance (04-21) document: \line \line 
According to the legislation code S. 740, there is a potential gap in the requirements for incident response planning and reporting, as mentioned in th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 document. The document highlights that "mandatory incident response planning is only in 74% of State Plans" which indicates that there might be gaps in certain state plans regarding incident response planning. Furthermore, the document also points out th
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
t "information sharing and security incident reporting could be incorporated into statewide transportation cybersecurity programs." This suggests that there may be areas where incident reporting and sharing could be better integrated into cybersecurity pr
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 grams to address any gaps and ensure swift and effective responses to cyber incidents. \line \line References: \line 1) S. 740, Technical Assistance document (04-21) \line \line Georgia: 
\line Summary: \line The response outlines the reporting requirements for agencies and utilities in the\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
event of a cyber attack incident, data breach, or use of malware in Georgia. It specifies the obligation to report such incidents to the director of emergency management and homeland security, or their designee, within two hours of reporting to the United
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 States government or any agency thereof. The focus is on incidents that create life-safety events, impact data security, critical systems, equipment, or service delivery. \line \line 
References: \line Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\Military\\O.C.G.A. _ 38-3-22.2.pdf \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Vermont: \line 
The response provided does not directly address the question regarding gaps in incident response planning and reporting that may lead to delays or inadequate responses to cyber incidents. Instead, it focuses on specific requirements outlined in 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 8\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1 
 4728 of Vermont's current cybersecurity law related to multi-factor authentication, security measures implementation, protection against destruction of information, and board responsibilities in managing information security programs. \line \line 
Referenc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 : Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Financial\\\hich\f1 8 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4728.pdf \line \line Wyoming: \line \hich\f1 According to Code of Ala. \'a7\loch\f1  8-27-2: \line 
a. Are there any gaps in the requirements for incident response planning and reporting, potentially leading to delays or inadequate response\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  to cyber incidents? \line 
- No, the security incident response plan shall include provisions for: \line 1. Roles and responsibilities \line 2. Communication and information sharing \line 3. Incident detection \line 4. Incident analysis \line 5. Incident response and mitigation 
\line 6. In\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ident reporting \line 7. Incident recovery \line 8. Post-incident activity \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Alabama\\Code of Ala. _ Title 8.pdf \line \line Rhode Island: \line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  42-7-\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
9, the cybersecurity incident response group is required to establish communication protocols in the event of a breach of cybersecurity in any agency or public body. The protocols include a list of potential cybersecurity breaches requiring reporting, sta
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e and local entities covered, mechanisms for timely communication of breaches to the public and relevant parties, and primary contact at each agency or public body. Additionally, the group is mandated to establish long-term policy planning and goals for t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e state and municipalities regarding evolving cybersecurity threats. However, there is no mention of specific measures to address potential gaps in the requirements for incident response planning and reporting that could lead to delays or inadequate respo
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ses to cyber incidents. \line \line References: \line 1) File name: Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\Government\\\hich\f1 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  42-7-9.pdf \line \line Nebraska: 
\line \hich\f1 According to 49 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  114(w)(3): \line 3) There may be gaps in the requirements for incident response planning\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
and reporting, potentially leading to delays or inadequate responses to cyber incidents. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Documents\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\ustc49 \line \line Nevada: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 
The response outlines the requirements set forth by Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
935 regarding cybersecurity incident response planning for political subdivisions in Nevada. It mandates the adoption and maintenance of a cybersecurity incident response plan, annual review and filing of any revisions with the Office, and confidentiality
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
provisions for the plan's contents. The plan must include preparations for cybersecurity threats, detection and analysis, response to incidents, and post-incident activities. The term "political subdivision" refers to cities or counties in the state. 
\line \line Re\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 erences: \line Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.935.pdf \line \line Michigan: \line \hich\f1 
According to Michigan Compiled Laws Service \'a7\loch\f1  500.555: \line 8. As part of its information security program, each licensee shall establish a written incide\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
t response plan designed to promptly respond to, and recover from, any cybersecurity event that compromises the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of nonpublic information in its possession, the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s information systems, or the continuing f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nctionality of any aspect of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s business or operations. An incident response plan under this subsection must address all of the following areas: \line \line (a) The internal process for responding to a cybersecurity event. \line (b) The goals of the incident
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 response plan. \line (c) The definition of clear roles, responsibilities, and levels of decision-making authority. \line (d) External and internal communications and information sharing. 
\line (e) Identification of requirements for the remediation of any identified weak\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 esses in information systems and associated controls. \line 
(f) Documentation and reporting regarding cybersecurity events and related incident response activities. \line (g) The evaluation and revision as necessary of the incident response plan following a cyberse\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urity event. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS _ 500.555.pdf \line \line Florida: \line 
Summary: The response outlines the severity levels of cybersecurity incidents and the required information to report following a cyber incident or r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
nsomware incident according to Fla. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 282.318. It mentions reporting timeframes for different severity levels but notes potential gaps in delineating response actions based on severity levels, which could lead to delays or inadequate mitigation stra\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 egies. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Information Technology\\Fla. Stat. _ 282.318.pdf \line \line Missouri: \line 
I am sorry, but no context was provided for me to extract information from. Could you please provide the necessary context first? \line \line Wis\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 onsin: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 
Wisconsin Statute \'a7\loch\f1  601.952 outlines requirements for incident response planning and reporting for licensees. It mandates ongoing monitoring and adjustment of information security programs, documentation of identified areas needing impro
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ement, and maintenance of this documentation for at least 5 years. Additionally, licensees must develop a written incident response plan to address cybersecurity events promptly, covering goals, internal processes, roles and responsibilities, communicatio
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  strategies, remediation requirements, documentation of incidents, and plan evaluation and revision. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 
Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952.pdf \line \line Tennessee: \line Summary: The response indicates that according to Te\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 n. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 56-2-1004, comprehensive requirements exist for incident response planning and reporting in response to cybersecurity events, including establishing a written incident response plan, defining roles and responsibilities, communication protoc
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ls, documentation and reporting, and plan evaluation and revision post-incident. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7
\loch\f1  56-2-1004.pdf \line \line Oregon: \line \hich\f1 According to CISA \'a7\loch\f1 2209c-3. Incident response planning and reportin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 requirements lack specificity regarding the coordination and timing for agencies to report incidents, potentially leading to delays or inadequate responses to cyber incidents. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\
RAG-app\\Current Cybersecu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ity Law\\Federal\\Cybersecurity\\CISA\\\hich\f1 CISA \'a7\loch\f1 2209c-3.pdf \line \line Connecticut: \line \hich\f1 According to Conn. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 38a -38: \line \line 1. Under subsection (8)(A), each incident response plan must establish a written incident response plan that is designed to promptly respond to\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
and recover from any cybersecurity event that compromises the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of nonpublic information, licensee's information systems, or the continuing functionality of any aspect of the licensee's business or operations. 
\line 2.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
The plan should include various components, such as the internal process for responding to a cybersecurity event, clear roles, responsibilities, levels of decision-making authority, external and internal communications, information sharing, identification
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 of requirements for remediation, documentation, reporting regarding cybersecurity events, and evaluation and revision of the incident response plan after each cybersecurity event. \line \line 
Therefore, as per the legislation, the incident response planning require\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ents outlined appear comprehensive to ensure a timely and effective response to cyber incidents. \line \line 
References: \line 1. Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Insurance\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 38a-38.pdf \line \line Mississippi: \line The response mentions that according to Miss. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
ode Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 83-5-807, there are detailed requirements for incident response planning and reporting, including establishing a written incident response plan, addressing various areas such as internal processes, communication, remediation, documentation, and
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 evaluation of the plan post-incident. It indicates comprehensive guidelines in the legislation code for incident response planning and reporting. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Insurance\\Miss. Code Ann. __83-5-811.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 According to the Michigan Legislature Act 231 of 1967, Section 462.219: \line 
1. Based on the framework established under the act, certain critical infrastructure operators may encounter challenges in promptly responding to cyber incidents due to the lack of s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ecific requirements for incident response planning and reporting. \line 
2. It is essential to address these potential gaps to ensure that delays or inadequate responses to cyber incidents are minimized, thereby enhancing the overall cybersecurity posture of cr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tical infrastructure operators. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\Michigan_Legislature_Act_231_of_1967.pdf \line \line South Carolina: \line \hich\f1 Summary: According to S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 38-99-20, licensees are required to develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e written information security program with administrative, technical, and physical safeguards. This program must include an incident response plan to promptly respond to and recover from cybersecurity events. The incident response plan should address int
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rnal processes, roles and responsibilities, communication, remediation of weaknesses, documentation, and plan evaluation. Based on this information, there are no gaps mentioned in the requirements for incident response planning and reporting that could po
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 entially lead to delays or inadequate responses to cyber incidents. \line \line Reference: [Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 38-99-20.pdf](static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20.pdf) \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 I\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ndiana: \line 
According to Transportation Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2020: \line \line 
1. Yes, there are potential gaps identified. "However, there may be gaps in the requirements for incident response planning and reporting, potentially leading to delays \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
r inadequate responses to cyber incidents." \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Transportation Cybersecurity\\Transportation Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2020.pdf \line 
\line Utah: \line According to Tex. Tra\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 sp. Code \'a7\loch\f1  725.005: \line 
1. Incident response planning requirements focus on conducting vulnerability assessments, identifying risks, establishing appropriate cybersecurity measures, and ensuring documented incident response plans. \line 2. Requirements include id
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ntifying key cybersecurity personnel, outlining communication strategies, establishing incident response teams, conducting periodic exercises, and reviewing and updating plans regularly. 
\line 3. Organizations must report incidents to the Texas Department of I\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 formation Resources within one hour of detection to ensure timely responses and coordination with state resources. 
\line 4. Entities must also report incidents to law enforcement entities, as required by law or policy, to facilitate appropriate investigations \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nd responses. \line 
5. Compliance with incident response planning and reporting requirements is essential to minimizing delays and ensuring effective responses to cyber incidents. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecuri\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y Law\\Texas\\Transportation\\Tex. Transp. Code _ 725.005.pdf \line \line West Virginia: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 The response provided information from W. Va. Code 
\'a7\loch\f1  5A-6C-3 regarding the requirements for reporting qualified cybersecurity incidents to the Cybersecurity Office with\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
n 10 days of identification. The report should include details such as the date of the incident, date of discovery, nature of data accessed, and regulatory agencies notified. The Cybersecurity Office sets the procedure for incident reporting. \line \line 
Reference:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6C-3.pdf \line \line Maryland: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 
Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  3.5-407 requires county governments, local school systems, and local health departments to develop or upd\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
te cybersecurity preparedness and response plans, conduct cybersecurity preparedness assessments, and report cybersecurity incidents to local emergency managers and the State Security Operations Center. The State Chief Information Security Officer determi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 es the criteria, manner, and time frame for incident reporting. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Government\\
Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.5-407.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Government\\Md. State Finance a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.5-406.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Public Utilities\\Md. Public Utility Companies Code Ann. _ 5-306.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Insurance\\Md. Insurance Code Ann. _ 33-103.pdf \line \line Kansas: \line According to 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 K\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 .S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  75-7240: \line 
1. The legislation outlines responsibilities related to security of data and information technology resources for the executive branch agency heads. \line 2. The agency heads are required to ensure that an agency-wide information security pro
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ram is in place and designate an information security officer to administer it. \line 
3. They must implement policies and standards to maintain compliance with state and federal laws and regulations and include cybersecurity requirements in procurement specifi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ations. \line 
4. In case of a breach or suspected breach of system security, agencies must comply with notification requirements and notify the CISO and the secretary of state if election data is involved within 48 hours. \line \line 
There is a gap in the legislation re\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 arding specific incident response planning requirements and reporting procedures, potentially leading to delays or inadequate responses to cyber incidents. 
\line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\K.S.A. _ 75-7240.pdf \line \line Arkansas: \line Acc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rding to ND ST 39-01-03, regarding incident response planning and reporting requirements, it states that: \line 
1. In case of a security incident, the chief information officer must "immediately provide notice of the security incident to the information techno\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ogy department." \line 
2. The information technology department must then "immediately notify the governor, the cybersecurity program manager, and the information technology department in writing of the security incident." \line 3. Additionally, the cybersecurity p
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ogram manager is responsible for "implementing the incident response plan and taking action to mitigate the potential impact" of the incident. \line \line 
Hence, based on the information provided, there are clear procedures outlined for incident response planning a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
d reporting in the legislation, leaving no identified gaps that may lead to delays or inadequate responses to cyber incidents. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\
ND ST 39-01-03.pdf \line \line Idaho: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 According to California Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.91.04: \line 
1. Yes, there is a requirement for the state transportation agency to develop and maintain a training program for all employees in accordance with cybersecurity regulations. This involves regular testing to\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 assess the cybersecurity awareness of personnel, including incident response procedures. \line 2. Through the GAO\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s review of the federal and industry best practices conducted, it was found that FHWA has not provided direction on cybersecurity incident respons\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 capabilities, potentially leading to delays or inadequate responses to cyber incidents within the transportation sector. \line 
3. Furthermore, the GAO recommended that FHWA develop guidance to assist state and local transportation agencies in establishing inc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
dent response capabilities, ensuring effective responses to cyber incidents without delays or inadequacies. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislations\\California\\Civil_Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7
\loch\f1  1798.91.04.pdf \line \line North Carolina: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 B\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ased on the information in the context, the answer is: \line \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Pub. Util. Code \'a7\loch\f1  991.3: 
\line 1. Private Utilities, the most common incident response planning gap, is essential for avoiding delays or inadequate responses. \line 2. While the California P\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
blic Utilities Commission requires private utilities to submit detailed plans for incident response, it does not specify the components of those plans. \line 
3. Consequently, private-sector incident response plans may vary significantly, affecting the readines\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  and effectiveness of responses to cyber incidents. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\
Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Public Utilities\\\hich\f1 Cal. Pub. Util. Code \'a7\loch\f1  991.3.pdf \line \line Texas: \line According to California Public Utilities Code
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'a7\loch\f1  8380.5.5: \line 
The processes for identifying, protecting, and mitigating Cybersecurity incidents involving critical infrastructure should be defined and prioritized based on the potential impact on the operational reliability of the electric grid and adhere
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ce to the applicable North American Electric Reliability Corporation Critical Infrastructure Protection standards. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\
RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\\hich\f1 California Public Utilities Code \'a7\loch\f1  8380.5.5.pdf \line \line Cal\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 fornia: \line \hich\f1 According to California Public Utilities Code 
\'a7\loch\f1  8385: \line 1. Public utilities are required to develop and implement a comprehensive security program to secure the cyber supply chain. \line 2. The security program must include, but not limited to, an inci\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ent response plan outlining the procedures to detect, respond to, and recover from cyber incidents. \line 
3. Public utilities must promptly report any cyber incidents to the appropriate authorities and information sharing centers. \line 4. The security program must\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
also include measures to protect against, detect, respond to, and recover from incidents, breaches, or unauthorized intrusions or access. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\
California\\Public Utilities\\Ca\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 . Pub. Util. Code \'a7\loch\f1  8385.pdf \line \line Montana: \line 
I'm sorry, but it seems that the provided context for the question regarding incident response planning and reporting does not include any relevant information. If you can provide me with additional context or spec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 fic legislative documents related to cybersecurity and incident response planning, I would be happy to assist you further. \line \line References: \line N/A \line \line Massachusetts: \line \hich\f1 
According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.82: \line "Critical Infrastructure entities and Transporta\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ion Database entities have reported challenges in implementing the incident response requirements and guidelines consistent with federal Transportation directives." \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\Masters Program\\
Transportation Cybersecurity\\Calif\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rnia Civil Code\\Cal. Civ. Code _ 1798.82.pdf \line \line Iowa: \line 
I'm sorry, but you have not provided any context for me to extract information from. Could you please provide the necessary information for me to answer your question accurately? \line \line New Jersey: \line Accordi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 g to the California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.29: \line 
1. Any material changes to a transportations network company cybersecurity incident response plan shall be reported to the California Public Utilities Commission within 30 days of the material change. \line 2. Organiz\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tions that meet certain criteria must submit an annual cybersecurity incident report to the Department of Motor Vehicles. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\Cal. Civ. Code _ 1798.29.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 df \line \line Washington: \line 
Summary: The response outlines detailed requirements for incident response planning, including data management, cybersecurity measures, vendor agreements, cost considerations, system integration, performance metrics, and more. The plan m
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 st address various aspects to ensure efficient resource use and compliance with state regulations. \line \line Reference: Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 
Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  71.24.898.pdf \line \line Louisiana: \line Summary: The response indicates that ac\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ording to La. R.S. \'a7\loch\f1 
 22:2504, the legislation mandates licensees to establish a written incident response plan that addresses various key points such as internal processes, communication, remediation, documentation, evaluation, and revision following a cy
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ersecurity event. The provided requirements ensure a comprehensive and structured approach to handling cybersecurity incidents, indicating no significant gaps in incident response planning and reporting. \line \line Reference: \line 
- Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Insurance\\La. R.S. _ 22_2504.pdf \line \line Maine: \line \hich\f1 
Summary: The response outlines detailed incident response planning and reporting requirements as per Legislation code 24-A M.R.S. \'a7\loch\f1  2264. While comprehensive guidelines are provided, the need for real-world evalu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tion to identify potential gaps leading to delays or inadequate responses to cyber incidents is highlighted. \line \line Reference: \line 1. Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf \line \line 
Alabama: \line I currently do not have any information in my databa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e that pertains to transportation cybersecurity legislation. \line \line North Dakota: \line Summary of Response: \line 
\hich\f1 The N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-03 outlines the requirements for incident response planning in the context of cybersecurity events. It mandates licensees \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
o establish a written incident response plan to address and recover from any cybersecurity incident impacting nonpublic information. The plan must include measures for system recovery, defining roles, communication strategies, remediation requirements, do
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 umentation/reporting, and plan evaluation. Additionally, insurers in the state must annually certify compliance with these requirements and maintain records for examination. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Insurance\\N.D. Cent. Cod\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 , \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-03.pdf \line \line Alaska: \line \hich\f1 
According to California Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  1798.82: \line 1. An entity that is required to notify more \line \line Ohio: \line According to ORC Ann. 3965.02: \line 
(H) (1) As part of its information security program, each licensee shall establish a written in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ident response plan designed to promptly respond to, and recover from, any cybersecurity event that compromises the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of nonpublic information in its possession, the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s information systems, or the continui\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g functionality of any aspect of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s business or operations. \line 
(2) The incident response plan described in division (H) (1) of this section shall address all of the following areas: \line (a) The internal process for responding to a cybersecurity eve\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t; 
\line (b) The goals of the incident response plan; \line (c) The definition of clear roles, responsibilities, and levels of decision-making authority; \line (d) External and internal communications and information sharing; \line 
(e) Identification of requirements for the \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 emediation of any identified weaknesses in information systems and associated controls; \line 
(f) Documentation and reporting regarding cybersecurity events and related incident response activities; \line (g) The evaluation and revision as necessary of the incident\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
response plan following a cybersecurity event. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\ORC Ann. 3965.02.pdf \line \line Pennsylvania: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 
The response highlights the requirements outlined in 40 Pa.C.S. \'a7\loch\f1  4513 for incident response planning\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
in cybersecurity. It mandates licensees to develop a comprehensive written information security program and an incident response plan that includes internal processes, roles, responsibilities, and remediation strategies. The plan should also address docum
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ntation, reporting, and post-incident plan evaluation. Overall, the regulations aim to ensure a robust and timely response to cybersecurity events, minimizing delays or inadequate actions. 
\line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\40 Pa.C.S.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 -\'ba\loch\f1  4513.pdf \line \line New Mexico: \line 
Summary: The California AB 375 - Consumer Privacy Act outlines requirements for businesses to implement reasonable security procedures to protect personal information, disclose breaches promptly to affected California residents,
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 and not maintain unencrypted data. The act does not require notification in cases where a breach is unlikely to result in harm to impacted persons. \line \line 
References: California AB 375 - Consumer Privacy Act. \line \line Kentucky: \line The response provided outlines the req\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
irements for incident response planning and reporting as per KRS \'a7\loch\f1 
 304.3-756. It mandates the designation of responsible personnel, threat identification, assessment of threats and safeguards, implementation of information safeguards, and annual effective\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ess assessments. Additionally, it specifies the establishment of a written incident response plan to address cybersecurity events that compromise nonpublic information, information systems, or business operations. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\\Kentucky\\Insurance\\KRS _ 304.3-756.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Finance\\KRS _ 292.336.pdf \line \line Hawaii: \line \hich\f1 
Summary: The response outlines provisions in Legislation code HRS \'a7\loch\f1  128B-1 that focus on improving cyber resiliency within the State, enha\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
cing critical infrastructure network and resiliency, utilizing existing resources for cybersecurity improvement, and forming partnerships to implement cyber resiliency structures and protocols. The coordinator is empowered to collaborate with various enti
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ies for carrying out its duties, including requesting assistance from other departments, agencies, and private companies. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\
Communications\\HRS _ 128B-1.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line Summary: \line The response provided outl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 nes the incident response planning requirements for licensees under Minn. Stat. 
\'a7\loch\f1  60A.9851. It highlights the necessary components of an incident response plan, such as internal processes, communication strategies, remediation requirements, documentation \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nd reporting procedures, and plan evaluation. Additionally, it mentions the annual certification obligation for insurers domiciled in Minnesota to confirm compliance with the statute by April 15 each year. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minne\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ota\\Insurance\\Minn. Stat. _ 60A.9851.pdf \line \line South Dakota: \line \hich\f1 According to NV Rev Stat \'a7\loch\f1  239B.060: \line 
There may be gaps in the requirements for incident response planning and reporting, potentially leading to delays or inadequate responses to cyber incidents. T\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e statute mentions that the Division of Enterprise Information Technology Services shall ensure that periodic reports are prepared, however, the specific details regarding incident response planning and reporting requirements are not explicitly outlined. 
\line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\State Regulations\\\hich\f1 NV Rev Stat \'a7\loch\f1  239B.060.pdf \line \line Illinois: \line 
According to 215 ILCS 215/10: \line \line (a) As part of its information security program, a licensee shall establi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
h a written incident response plan designed to promptly respond to and recover from any cybersecurity event that compromises the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of nonpublic information in its possession, the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s information systems, or\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 the continuing functionality of any aspect of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s business or operations. The incident response plan shall address the following areas: \line (1) the internal process for responding to a cybersecurity event; \line (2) the goals of the incident response p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 an; \line (3) the definition of clear roles, responsibilities, and levels of decision-making authority; \line (4) external and internal communications and information sharing; \line 
(5) identification of requirements for the remediation of any identified weaknesses in i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 formation systems and associated controls; \line 
(6) documentation and reporting regarding cybersecurity events and related incident response activities; and \line (7) the evaluation and revision of the incident response plan following a cybersecurity event, as nec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ssary. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_10.pdf \line \line 
Based on the provided contexts, there may be gaps in the requirements for incident response planning and reporting, potentially leading to delays or inadequate resp\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
nses to cyber incidents as identified in various legislations such as Cyber Security Information Sharing Act of 2015, Technical Assistance document (04-21), Legislation code R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1 \hich\f1  42-7-9, 49 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 114(w)(3), and Transportation Cybersecuri\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y Information Sharing Act of 2020. These gaps indicate the need for better integration of incident reporting and sharing in cybersecurity programs to ensure swift and effective responses to cyber incidents}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid7222724 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7222724 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000504a
519302deda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}