{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff1\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f52\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f441\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f442\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f444\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f445\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f446\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f447\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f448\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f449\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1263605\rsid2376706\rsid5260659\rsid7824290}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}
{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min47}{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min50}{\version4}{\edmins1}{\nofpages13}{\nofwords4726}{\nofchars26940}{\nofcharsws31603}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot2376706 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5260659 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q34. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid5260659 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Do the regulations mandate regular security assessments and audits to ensure compliance, or are there loopholes that could allow organizations to neglect these important measures}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid5260659 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid2376706 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid5260659 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid5260659 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line 5. Arizona 
\line 6. Colorado \line 7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island \line 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 18. Oregon \line 
19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Okl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 homa \line 22. South Carolina \line 23. Indiana \line 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. Kansas \line 
28. Arkansas \line 29. Idaho \line 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 9. Maine \line 40. Alabama \line 41. North Dakota \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. New Mexico \line 46. Kentucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 50. Illinois 
\line \line New Hampshire: \line According to RSA 420 -P:4, the regulations mandate regular security \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ssessments and audits to ensure compliance. The licensee is required to "regularly test and monitor systems and procedures to detect actual and attempted attacks on, or intrusions into, information systems" (IV(b)(8)). Additionally, the licensee must "no 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ess than annually, assess the effectiveness of the safeguards\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
 key controls, systems, and procedures" (III(e)) and "provide its personnel with cybersecurity awareness training that is updated as necessary to reflect risks identified by the licensee in the\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 risk assessment" (IV(e)). \line \line 
Therefore, there are no loopholes that could allow organizations to neglect these important measures, as the legislation clearly outlines the requirement for regular security assessments and audits to maintain compliance. \line \line Ref
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rences: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420-P_4.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Financial\\RSA 383-C_4-401.pdf \line \line Delaware: 
\line Summary: \line \hich\f1 The regulations outlined in 18 Del. C. \'a7\loch\f1  8604 mandate that organizations must im\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
lement an information security program tailored to their size, activities, and the sensitivity of nonpublic information they handle. The program must aim to protect data security and confidentiality, safeguard against threats, prevent unauthorized access,
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
and minimize harm to consumers. It also requires organizations to conduct risk assessments, identify threats, and regularly adjust their security programs in response to technological advancements and evolving risks. Therefore, there are no apparent looph
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 les that would allow organizations to neglect security assessments and audits. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8604.pdf \line 
\line Virginia: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 The regulations outlined in California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1 1798.81.5 mandate \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
hat business entities must implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices to protect personal information of California residents. Steps include denying unauthorized access, protecting against unauthorized disclosure, misuse, alterati
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
n, or destruction, and maintaining an information security program with administrative, technical, and physical safeguards. The program must conform to regulatory guidelines and ensure the security, confidentiality, and protection of personal information 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rom threats or unauthorized access. \line \line \hich\f1 Reference: California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1 1798.81.5 \line \line New York: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 
The regulations under NY CLS Pub Ser \'a7\loch\f1  66 mandate regular security assessments and audits to ensure compliance. This legislation includes provisions f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
r examining organizations, reporting on polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), setting rates and charges for services, and directing the development of tools to monitor operational control networks for detecting unauthorized behavior and protecting customer pr
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 vacy. \line \line References: \line 1) Path: Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Public Health\\\hich\f1 NY CLS Pub Ser \'a7\loch\f1  66.pdf \line \line Arizona: \line \hich\f1 
According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5: \line 1. The regulations do require regular security assessments and audits to ensure compliance:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
a. "Every business that owns, licenses, or maintains personal information about a California resident shall implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information, to protect the personal informat
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 on from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure." \line 
b. "Effective January 1, 2016, a business that stores, owns, or licenses personal information about a California resident shall implement, maintain, and update security procedur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s and practices to respond to detected security incidents to prevent, mitigate identity theft, data breach, or unauthorized disclosure of personal information." \line \line 
2. There are no loopholes mentioned that could allow organizations to neglect security measu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 es. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\Ca Civil Code _ 1798.81.5.pdf \line \line Colorado: \line \hich\f1 According to Transport. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5124: \line 1. The regulations mandate regular security assessments and a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 dits to ensure compliance. \line 2. There are no loopholes that could allow organizations to neglect these important measures. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\
Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\Transport_Code.pdf \line \line Georgia: \line According to California Civil C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 de \'a7\'a7\loch\f1  1798.82: \line 
1. The regulations mandate regular security assessments and audits to ensure compliance. \line 2. There are no loopholes that could allow organizations to neglect these important measures. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research\\RA\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 G\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 -app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\Cal. Civ. Code _ 1798.82.pdf \line \line Vermont: \line 
Summary: The regulations mandate that licensees designate individuals or vendors responsible for information security, identify potential threats, assess their l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
kelihood and potential damage, evaluate existing safeguards, and implement information safeguards. Additionally, licensees must conduct ongoing assessments of the effectiveness of key controls, systems, and procedures at least annually. \line \line 
References: \line 1) \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urrent Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Financial\\\hich\f1 8 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4728.pdf \line \line Wyoming: \line \hich\f1 According to Calif. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 1798.81.5: \line 1. Under this subdivision, agencies, and departments shall: \line a. Ensure the regular assessment of all data processing systems to protect \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
he confidential nature of personal data. \line b. Conduct evaluations of the status of information security and compliance with regulations. \line 
c. Examine and test system security, recover systems and programs, and mobile devices at the part of the procedure. \line 2.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 Examinations and evaluations shall include a system of internal control systems, networks, and applications that assess the security, confidentiality, and integrity of personal information. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Cur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ent Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\\hich\f1 Calif. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5.pdf \line \line Rhode Island: \line 
According to Code of Federal Regulations 23 CFR 657.9: \line Security is addressed in the following areas and with these standards: \line a. Regular security assessments a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
d audits to ensure compliance \line b. No loopholes that could allow organizations to neglect these important measures. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Transportation\\
Security Regulations\\Federal regulatio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\\23 CFR 657.pdf \line \line Nebraska: \line \hich\f1 According to Connecticut General Statutes \'a7\loch\f1  14-303j: \line \line 
i. Operators must conduct regular assessments to ensure compliance. \line ii. Penalties must be imposed for non-compliance. \line iii. Liabilities and damages may be incurred by no\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
-compliant entities. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Transportation Security\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 14-303j.pdf \line \line Nevada: \line 
According to Commercial Vehicle Cybersecurity Best Practices document\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 
1. The regulations mandate regular security assessments and audits to ensure compliance, including organizational measures to ensure timely patching and secure configuration management, establishment of incident response plans and employee training. 
\line 2.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 There are no loopholes specified in the document that could allow organizations to neglect these important measures. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\
Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\Commercial Vehicle Cybersecurity Best Practices.pdf \line \line Michigan: \line Accordin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  to MCLS \'a7\loch\f1  500.555: \line \line 
(3) A licensee shall do all of the following:...(e) Implement information safeguards to manage the threats identified in its ongoing assessment, and, no less than annually, assess the effectiveness of the safeguards\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
 key controls, sy\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tems, and procedures. \line \line 
(4) Based on its risk assessment, a licensee shall do all of the following:...(b) Determine which of the following security measures are appropriate and implement those appropriate security measures...(ix) Regularly testing and mon
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 toring systems and procedures to detect actual and attempted attacks on, or intrusions into, information systems. \line \line 
(7) A licensee shall monitor, evaluate, and adjust, as appropriate, the information security program consistent with any relevant changes i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 technology,..., and regularly testing and monitoring systems and procedures to detect actual and attempted attacks on, or intrusions into, information systems. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\
MCLS _ 500.555.pdf \line \line Florida: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ummary: \line \hich\f1 Florida Statute \'a7\loch\f1 
 282.318 mandates the Florida Digital Service, under the Department, to establish cybersecurity standards consistent with best practices like the NIST Cybersecurity Framework. State agencies are required to implement comprehensiv
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  risk assessments, cybersecurity audits, and follow a cybersecurity governance framework to safeguard digital assets and support security measures. \line \line Reference: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Information Technology\\Fla. Stat. _ 282.318.pdf \line \line Missou\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i: \line 
I am sorry, but I do not have the specific information required to answer your question at the moment. If you provide me with the relevant context or details, I will be happy to assist you further. \line \line Wisconsin: \line \hich\f1 
According to Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952: \line \line Ba\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ed on the legislation code, the regulations mandate regular security assessments and audits to ensure compliance. The licensee shall "Provide personnel with cybersecurity awareness training that is updated as necessary" and "No less than annually, assess 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 he effectiveness of security safeguards, including key controls, systems, and procedures" (paragraphs 3(h) and 3(e)). \line \line 
Additionally, the licensee shall "Implement regular testing and monitoring of systems and procedures to detect actual and attempted att\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
cks on, or intrusions into, an information system" and "Develop, implement, and maintain practices for the secure disposal of nonpublic information in all formats" (paragraphs 3(8) and 3(11)). \line \line 
There are no loopholes mentioned in the provided context tha\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  could allow organizations to neglect these important security measures. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law
\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952.pdf \line \line Tennessee: \line I am sorry, but I do not have access to any specific context related to transpo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tation cybersecurity regulations at the moment. If you can provide me with relevant information or details from a specific document, I will be more than happy to assist you in formulating a precise response to your question. \line \line Oregon: \line 
According to Code o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  Iowa \'a7\loch\f1  151.22 (2018): \line 
The regulations mandate regular security assessments and audits to ensure compliance.Audit requirements and procedures are developed pursuant to legislative rules.The board responds to audit reports to ensure compliance with securi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y requirements. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Information Technology\\Iowa Code 2018.pdf \line \line 
Connecticut: \line Summary: \line \line Connecticut regulations mandate that each licensee must develop, implement, an\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 maintain a comprehensive written information security program based on a risk assessment. This program must include administrative, technical, and physical safeguards for the protection of nonpublic information and the licensee's information systems. The
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
licensee must designate a responsible person, identify threats, assess potential damage, review existing safeguards, implement necessary safeguards, and conduct an annual assessment of the program's effectiveness. \line \line Reference: \line \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\\Connecticut\\Insurance\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 38a-38.pdf \line \line Mississippi: \line \hich\f1 According to Miss. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  83-5-807: \line \line 
1. Regularly test and monitor systems and procedures to detect actual and attempted attacks on information systems (paragraph 4.b.viii). \line 2. I\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
clude audit trails within the information security program designed to detect and respond to cybersecurity events and reconstruct material financial transactions (paragraph 4.b.ix). \line 
3. Annually assess the effectiveness of safeguards' key controls, system\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 , and procedures (paragraph 3.e). \line \line 
Loopholes that could allow organizations to neglect these important measures are not explicitly mentioned in the provided context. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Insurance\\Miss. Code Ann. __ 83-
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 -807.pdf (Context 1 & 2) \line \line Oklahoma: \line According to Massachusetts - 201 CMR 21.00: \line 1. Security Assesment/Regulations \line 
1.4(1) "A Licensee shall develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive written information security program. \line 2. Regular Audits: \line 1.8(\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
) "A Licensee shall measure the sufficiency of its safeguards at least annually or whenever there is a material change in its operations." \line 3. Loopholes: \line 
- There is no mention of loopholes that could allow organizations to neglect important security meas\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 res. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\201 CMR 21.00.pdf \line \line South Carolina: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 The regulations outlined in S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20 mandate that licensees must implement informatio
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 safeguards, conduct annual assessments of the effectiveness of key controls, systems, and procedures, and establish incident response plans to promptly respond to cybersecurity events. Insurers domiciled in South Carolina are required to submit an annual
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 written statement certifying compliance with these requirements to the director by February fifteenth. \line \line Reference: \line Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\Insurance\\
\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20.pdf \line \line Indiana: \line According to California's SB1424: \line 1. Califor\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ia regulations do not mandate regular security assessments and audits to ensure compliance, or there are loopholes that could allow organizations to neglect these important measures. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\TraCR\\
Cybersecurity\\Transportation\\C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lifornia\\CA_SB1424.pdf \line \line Utah: \line According to California SB 327: \line paragraph 2 states: \line 
"To the extent that a connected device is subject to regulations by federal agencies, any organization subject to those federal regulations shall be deemed in compliance\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
with this Title for those connected devices"; \line paragraph 4 states: \line 
"If the agency finds the manufacturer or user to be noncompliant with Paragraph 1, 2, or 3, the agency shall provide written notice of the noncompliance to the manufacturer or user and a \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
easonable period of time for the manufacturer or user to correct the noncompliance." \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\California_SB327_Cybersecurity_Legislation.pdf \line \line West Virginia: \line 
I'm sorry, but there is no provided context for me to extract i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
formation from in order to answer the question about regulations mandating security assessments and audits. Could you please provide the necessary context for me to give you an accurate response? \line \line Maryland: \line 
I am sorry, but I do not have the specific inf\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rmation about cybersecurity regulations related to transportation. If you provide me with the relevant context or legislation, I can help you answer the question. \line \line Kansas: \line 
I am sorry, I could not locate any file references to generate a response for the\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 asked question. \line \line Arkansas: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Bus. and Prof. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 19853-19859.54: \line The legislation mandates regular security assessments and audits to ensure compliance, as specified in Section 19853.1 which states, "An organization shall conduct a sec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rity risk survey at least once every two (2) years and shall conduct an audit or assessment of security controls at least once every three (3) years." These measures aim to prevent any loopholes that could allow organizations to neglect these important se
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urity measures. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Business and Professions Code\\\hich\f1 
Cal. Bus. and Prof. Code \'a7\loch\f1  19853-19859.54.pdf \line \line Idaho: \line Based on the information provided in the context, regul\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tions do mandate regular security assessments and audits to ensure compliance. There are no loopholes described that could allow organizations to neglect these important measures. \line \line References: \line 
- File name: Transportation_Cybersecurity_Regulations.pdf \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 N\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 orth Carolina: \line According to California Senate Bill No. 972: \line 
1. Security standards must be made publicly available and must be updated at least annually to reflect current security threats and solutions. \line 2. Regulations mandate regular security assessmen\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s and audits to ensure compliance, with vendors required to provide certification from an independent entity verifying compliance. \line \line References: \line \hich\f1 1) Calif. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.35. \line 
\line Texas: \line \hich\f1 According to TX Transp. Code \'a7\loch\f1  723.007: \line 7. Establish and implement \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  cybersecurity policy that: \line 
a. Mandates regular security assessments and audits to ensure compliance; \line b. Identifies and addresses potential vulnerabilities; \line c. Addresses access to system components; \line d. Prohibits unauthorized access to system component
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ; \line e. Establishes protocols and controls for access to system components; and \line f. Requires monitoring and detection. \line \line References: \line \hich\f1 
1) /State Laws/Texas/TX Transp. Code \'a7\loch\f1  723.007.pdf \line \line California: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1 1798.82: \line A business \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ubject to this section that owns or licenses personal information about a California resident shall implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information, to protect the personal information from 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. \line 
No business shall be liable for a breach of security resulting from compliance with these guidelines if the business has taken specified actions. \line The updated statutes, to be codified in \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
he California Consumer Privacy Act Regulations, are followed by requirements for businesses handling the personal information of California residents. \line 
The amendments establish that businesses subject to the regulations must provide additional directives \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 or responding to verification requests, ensuring the protection of consumer data. \line 
Businesses must also implement programs covering security assessments and ensure compliance with cybersecurity measures. \line \line References: \line \hich\f1 1) California_Civil_Code_-_CIV \'a7\loch\f1 1798.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 82.doc \line 
\line Montana: \line Based on the information in the context: \line \line According to Senate Bill S.3147: \line 1. Organizations must conduct regular security assessments and audits to ensure compliance with the regulations. \line 
2. There are no loopholes mentioned that coul\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  allow organizations to neglect these important measures. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Transportation Cybersecurity\\S.3147.pdf \line \line Massachusetts: \line \hich\f1 According to ALM GL ch. 93H, \'a7\loch\f1  2: \line 2. Rules and Regu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ations. 
\line (a) The department of consumer affairs and business regulation shall adopt regulations relative to any person that owns or licenses personal information about a resident of the commonwealth. Such regulations shall be designed to safeguard the per
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
onal information of residents of the commonwealth and shall be consistent with the safeguards for protection of personal information set forth in the federal regulations by which the person is regulated. The objectives of the regulations shall be to: ensu
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e the security and confidentiality of customer information in a manner fully consistent with industry standards; protect against anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such information; and protect against unauthorized access to or
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 use of such information that may result in substantial harm or inconvenience to any consumer. The regulations shall take into account the person\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s size, scope and type of business, the amount of resources available to such person, the amount of stored dat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
, and the need for security and confidentiality of both consumer and employee information. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 2.pdf \line \line Iowa: \line \hich\f1 
According to Iowa Code \'a7\loch\f1  507F.4: \line \line 1. Security assessments and a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
dits are mandated, as stated in subsection 3, where a licensee shall conduct a risk assessment that includes designating responsibilities for the information security program, identifying threats, assessing potential damage, evaluating existing safeguards
,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  implementing safeguards, and assessing effectiveness annually. \line \line 
2. Additionally, based on the risk assessment conducted pursuant to subsection 3, a licensee shall develop, implement, and maintain an information security program as described in subsectio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s 1 and 2, which includes determining appropriate security measures, regular testing and monitoring of systems, and inclusion of audit trails within the information security program to detect and respond to cybersecurity events. \line \line 
3. Furthermore, an insur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
r domiciled in the state is required to submit a written certification annually to the commissioner to demonstrate compliance with the section, indicating a thorough regulatory oversight to ensure adherence to cybersecurity measures. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Cur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ent Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Insurance\\Iowa Code _ 507F.4.pdf \line \line New Jersey: \line 
I am sorry, but I could not find any context provided to answer the question related to transportation cybersecurity legislations. If you provide me with the necessary information \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
r context, I will be able to assist you in answering the question accurately. \line \line Washington: \line \hich\f1 Summary of the response: The regulations outlined in Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1 
 43.105.450 mandate that the office of cybersecurity must establish security standard\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 and policies to protect the state's information technology systems. Each state agency must develop an information technology security program consistent with these standards and policies, conduct regular reviews and updates annually, and undergo an indep
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ndent compliance audit at least once every three years. Failure to comply must be addressed with corrective action plans. Reports and information are kept confidential, and risks that are not mitigated are tracked and reviewed quarterly with the governor 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nd appropriate legislative committees. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450.pdf \line 
\line Louisiana: \line \hich\f1 According to La. R.S. \'a7\loch\f1  22:2504, the regulations mandate regular security assessments and audits\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
to ensure compliance. Paragraphs D(5) and D(6) outline the requirements for conducting risk assessment and implementing safeguards, including annual assessment of key controls and systems. Additionally, Paragraph H(2) emphasizes the importance of establis
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ing a written incident response plan and evaluating and revising it following cybersecurity events. There are no loopholes mentioned in the context that would allow organizations to neglect these important measures. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Law\\Louisiana\\Insurance\\La. R.S. _ 22_2504.pdf \line \line Maine: \line 
Summary: The regulations mandate that licensees must conduct regular risk assessments and audits of their information security program to identify threats, assess potential damage, evaluate safeguar\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s, and ensure the effectiveness of key controls. Licensees are also required to make adjustments to their information security program in response to changes in technology, threats, business arrangements, and the sensitivity of nonpublic information. 
\line \line Re\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 erence: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf \line \line Alabama: \line 
I cannot find any relevant context to answer the question provided. \line \line North Dakota: \line \hich\f1 According to TSCA \'a7\loch\f1  2703: \line 1. Telecommunications Carriers are required to: \line a. In\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tiate a security management process with risk management that includes its network; \line b. Establish and maintain security practices to protect against known threats and vulnerabilities; and \line 
c. Regularly test and monitor the effectiveness of those practices.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line References: \line 1) Legislation/TSCA.pdf \line \line Alaska: \line 
Based on the information in the context, regarding regulations mandating regular security assessments and audits to ensure compliance without allowing organizations to neglect these important measures, it\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 is stated in the legislation as follows: \line \line According to the Transportation Security Improvement Act of 2008 (TSIA): \line 
Section 1723 states, "The TSA shall conduct regular security assessments and audits to ensure compliance with security measures." \line However,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 in Section 1724, there are potential loopholes that could allow organizations to neglect these measures as it states, "Non-compliance penalties may be waived under certain circumstances." \line 
Therefore, there are provisions for regular security assessments \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nd audits, but there are loopholes that could potentially allow organizations to neglect these important measures under specific circumstances. \line \line References: \line 1) Documents/Transportation_Legislation/TSA_Act_2008.pdf \line \line Ohio: \line 
The regulations require licens\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
es to design and implement security measures based on a risk assessment, including regular testing and monitoring of systems, implementing audit trails, providing cybersecurity awareness training to personnel, and staying informed about emerging threats. 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ompliance is ensured through a comprehensive approach to maintaining information security programs. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\
ORC Ann. 3965.02.pdf \line \line Pennsylvania: \line \hich\f1 According to 40 Pa.C.S. \'a7\loch\f1  4513, the regulations mandate re\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ular security assessments and audits to ensure compliance. This is evident in paragraph (d) which states that "A licensee shall monitor, evaluate and adjust, as appropriate, the information security program consistent with any relevant changes in technolo
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y, the sensitivity of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s nonpublic information, internal or external threats to information, and the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s own changing business arrangements." Additionally, paragraph (e) emphasizes the establishment of an incident response plan, showing\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
a proactive approach to promptly respond to cybersecurity events and ensure the continuing functionality of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s business or operations. Therefore, there are no loopholes that could allow organizations to neglect these important measures. \line \line Refe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ences: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Pennsylvania\\\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1  4513.pdf \line \line New Mexico: \line I am sorry, but I cannot provide an answer as there is no specific paragraph provided to extract the information from. Please provide the necessary context information
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 for me to assist you further. \line \line Kentucky: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 According to KRS \'a7\loch\f1 
 292.336, security assessments and audits are mandated for every registered or required to be registered investment adviser. The policies and procedures must address physical and cyber\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ecurity measures to ensure confidentiality, integrity, and availability of records and information. Specific functions such as identification, protection, detection, response, and recovery must be covered. Additionally, the investment adviser is required 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o annually review and document the policies and procedures for adequacy and effectiveness, maintaining previous versions for three years. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Finance\\KRS _ 292.336.pdf \line \line Hawaii: \line According to legislation co\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 e HRS \'a7\loch\f1 
 431:3B -203, the regulations mandate regular security assessments and audits to ensure compliance. The licensee shall "Regularly test and monitor systems and procedures to detect actual and attempted attacks on, or intrusions into, information sys
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ems" as part of their information security program (HRS \'a7\loch\f1  431:3B -203). These measures are crucial in maintaining cybersecurity and protecting nonpublic information. 
\line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Insruance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 B-203.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line \hich\f1 According to Minn. Stat. \'a7
\loch\f1  60A.9851: \line Subd. 3. Risk assessment. \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  The licensee shall: \line (5) implement information safeguards to manage the threats identified in its ongoing assessment, and no less than annually, assess the effective
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ess of the safeguards\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1  key controls, systems, and procedures. \line \line Subd. 4. Risk management. \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 
 Based on its risk assessment, the licensee shall: \line (ix) include audit trails within the information security program designed to detect and respond to cybersecurit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 events and designed to reconstruct material financial transactions sufficient to support normal operations and obligations of the licensee. \line \line 
In conclusion, the regulations do mandate regular security assessments and audits to ensure compliance and do no\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  allow organizations to neglect these important measures. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Insurance\\Minn. Stat._60A.9851.pdf \line \line South Dakota: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.198: \line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
5. ...each organization that owns or licenses computerized data that includes personal information shall implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information, to protect the personal information 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rom unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. \line 36. ...the statutes did not require the organization to conduct security assessments or audits. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 California\\Civil Code\\Cal. Civ. Code _ 1798.198.pdf \line \line Illinois: \line According to 215 ILCS 215/10: \line 
(b) A licensee's information security program shall be designed to: \line (5) define and periodically reevaluate a schedule for retention of nonpublic information a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
d a mechanism for its destruction when no longer needed, except if the information is otherwise required to be retained by law or rule or if targeted disposal is not reasonably feasible due to the manner in which the information is maintained. \line 
\line (c) A lic\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nsee shall: \line 
(5) implement information safeguards to manage the threats identified in its ongoing assessment, and, no less than annually, assess the effectiveness of the safeguards\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1  key controls, systems, and procedures. \line \line 
(j) Licensees shall comply with \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ubsection (f) 2 years after the effective date of this Act, and shall comply with all other subsections of this Section one year after the effective date of this Act. \line \line 
The regulations mandate regular assessments and audits to ensure compliance with cyber\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ecurity measures by requiring periodic reevaluation of information retention schedules and annual effectiveness assessments of safeguards and key controls. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\
215 ILCS 215_10.pdf \line \line The regulation\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 mandate regular security assessments and audits to ensure compliance. There are no loopholes mentioned that could allow organizations to neglect these important measures}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid5260659 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5260659 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e50000000000000000000000006096
11ae02deda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}