{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff1\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f52\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f441\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f442\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f444\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f445\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f446\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f447\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f448\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f449\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1263605\rsid2376706\rsid7824290\rsid8748415}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}
{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min47}{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min50}{\version4}{\edmins0}{\nofpages13}{\nofwords4404}{\nofchars25103}{\nofcharsws29449}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot2376706 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8748415 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q35. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid8748415 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Are there any limitations in the regulations regarding cross-border data transfers and international cooperation in cybersecurity matters}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid8748415 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid2376706 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid8748415 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid8748415 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line 5. Arizona \line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 6. Colorado \line 7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island \line 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 
18. Oregon \line 19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. South Carolina \line 23. Indiana\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. Kansas 
\line 28. Arkansas \line 29. Idaho \line 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 40. Alabama 
\line 41. North Dako\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. New Mexico \line 46. Kentucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 
50. Illinois \line \line New Hampshire: \line According to NISTIR 8183 Volume 1: \line 1. E.U. data protection law requires that data transfers must be justi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ied under specific conditions; 
\line 2. Data may be transferred to a country outside the E.U./E.E.A. only if the European Commission has determined that the country provides an adequate level of data protection; and \line 3. International cooperation and mutual leg
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l assistance in cybersecurity matters can be requested through existing mechanisms. \line \line References: \line 1) E:\\Research\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\NIST\\NISTIR 8183\\
NISTIR 8183 Vol.1.pdf \line \line Delaware: \line \hich\f1 According to 18 Del. C. \'a7\loch\f1  8606: \line \line No specific limitations in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
the regulations regarding cross-border data transfers and international cooperation in cybersecurity matters are outlined in the context. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8606.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\De\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 aware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8605.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8604.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Delaware\\Technology and Information\\29 Del. C. _ 9030C.pdf \line \line Virginia: \line \hich\f1 According to Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-623: \line \line 1. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 T\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
he legislation does not mention any limitations regarding cross-border data transfers and international cooperation in cybersecurity matters. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7
\loch\f1  38.2-623.pdf \line \line New York: \line Accordin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  to the Transportation Cybersecurity Legislation: \line 
There are limitations in the regulations regarding cross-border data transfers and international cooperation in cybersecurity matters. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ybersecurity Law\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity Regulations.txt \line \line Arizona: \line I don't have any information regarding "Trayce Hockstadt". \line \line Colorado: \line 
According to C.R.S. 24 -33.5-1905 under paragraph (2)(k), efforts are made to protect the privacy of personal\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y identifying information within distributed ledger programs. Programs aim to follow best practices for privacy and provide advice to stakeholders on maintaining privacy in accordance with regulatory bodies and governing standards. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Curre\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\C.R.S. 24-33.5-1905.pdf \line \line Georgia: \line \hich\f1 According to O.C.G.A. \'a7\loch\f1  38-3-22.2: \line \line 
(b) (1) Every agency shall report to the director of emergency management and homeland security, or his or her designee, any cyber attack i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
cident, data breach, or identified use of malware on an agency or computer or network determined by the director to be the type of cyber attack, data breach, or use of malware to create a life-safety event, substantially impact the security of data and in
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ormation systems, or affect critical systems, equipment, or service delivery. \line \line 
(d) Any reports or records produced pursuant to this Code section shall not be subject to public inspection or disclosure under Article 4 of Chapter 18 of Title 50. \line \line (e) Noth\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ng in this Code section shall relieve any agency or utility of any duty that may exist under law to notify any person impacted by a cyber attack incident, data breach, or identified use of malware, including, but not limited to, any notice required under 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rticle 34 of Chapter 1 of Title 10. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\Military\\O.C.G.A. _ 38-3-22.2.pdf \line \line Vermont: \line \hich\f1 
According to 20 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4662: \line \line There are no specific limitations in the regulations regarding cross-border data transfe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s and international cooperation in cybersecurity matters mentioned in this legislation. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Cybersecurity\\\hich\f1 20 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4662.pdf \line \line Wyoming: \line 
According to Convention No. 185 of 2009, \line cross-border data transfer\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 are facilitated by developing a coherent and harmonized State policy providing for integrated measures, environmental safeguards and procedures for the collection, processing, storage, transfer, destruction, sharing and disposal of classified and other i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
formation under secure and controlled conditions. However, the limitations are noted in the convention, particularly in addressing different stages and levels of cooperation in cybersecurity, which presupposes the existence of regulatory measures set by t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e legislature of each State. \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\International\\Convention No. 185 of 2009.pdf \line \line 
Rhode Island: \line According to the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act (CISA) of 2015: \line 1. "In\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ormation Sharing and Analysis Organizations (ISAOs) were established to enhance cybersecurity information sharing and to provide recommendations for sharing cybersecurity information among organizations." \line 
2. "However, there may be limitations in the regu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ations regarding cross-border data transfers and international cooperation in cybersecurity matters." \line 
3. "It is essential to address these limitations to ensure effective collaboration and information sharing on a global scale." \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\User\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Federal\\Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act (CISA) of 2015.pdf \line \line Nebraska: \line 
According to the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), there are limitations in the regulation\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 regarding cross-border data transfers and international cooperation in cybersecurity matters. The GDPR states that: "the transfer of personal data to a third country or an international organization may only take place if ... the country or territory pro
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ides an adequate level of data protection" (Article 45). \line \line Reference: \line 1) European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) - Article 45: C:\\EU Regulations\\GDPR.pdf 
\line \line Nevada: \line Summary: \line The response highlights the importance of protecting informati\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
n systems for the health, safety, and welfare of the people of the State as outlined in the Nevada Revised Statutes Annotated \'a7\loch\f1 
 480.900. It emphasizes the significance of technology in critical infrastructure sectors and the necessity of collaboration amo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
g various entities to safeguard cyberinfrastructure. The need for a strategic statewide plan, workforce development, and public interest in enacting provisions to enhance cybersecurity measures is also stressed. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Nevada\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.900.pdf \line \line Michigan: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5: \line 
6. No later than July 1, 2021, "the Office of Emergency Services, in consultation with the California Cybersecurity Integration Center, s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
all develop and promulgate rules and regulations regarding cross-border data transfers and shall facilitate international cooperation in cybersecurity matters." \line \line References: \line \hich\f1 1) California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 1798.81.5, Office of Emergency Services, in consulta\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ion with the California Cybersecurity Integration Center, consulted from \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 California Civil Code - Civil Code 
\'a7\loch\f1 \hich\f1  1798.81.5 - See CAL. CIV. CODE \'a7\loch\f1 \hich\f1  1798.81.5 - Casetext.\'94\loch\f1  \line \line Florida: \line \hich\f1 According to Fla. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  282.318: \line \line There are no specific limitations menti
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ned in the regulations regarding cross-border data transfers and international cooperation in cybersecurity matters. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\
Information Technology\\Fla. Stat. _ 282.318.pdf \line \line Missouri: \line Based on the information \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
n the context, the limitations in the regulations regarding cross-border data transfers and international cooperation in cybersecurity matters are addressed in the following legislation: \line \line 
Legislation: Singapore's Cybersecurity Act (Cap. 50A, 2018) \line 1. "T\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e Act contains provisions for the protection of Critical Information Infrastructure (CII) against cyber threats, the regulation of licensing cybersecurity service providers, and the streamlining of the incident reporting process." \line 
2. "However, limitation\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  exist in the Act's international aspects, particularly in relation to cross-border data transfers and international cooperation in cybersecurity matters." \line \line 
References: \line 1) Singapore\\Cybersecurity Act (Cap. 50A, 2018).pdf \line \line Wisconsin: \line According to Wis. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 tat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952: \line \line (9) Exemptions. \line 
(a) This section does not apply to a licensee who meets any of the following criteria: \line 1. Has less than $10,000,000 in year -end total assets. \line 2. Has less than $5,000,000 in gross annual revenue. \line 3. Has fewer than 50 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 mp loyees, including independent contractors, who work at least 30 hours a week for the licensee. \line 
(b) A licensee who ceases to qualify for the exemption under par. (a) shall comply with this section no later than 180 days after the date the licensee ceas\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s t o qualify. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952.pdf \line \line Tennessee: \line \hich\f1 According to Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004: \line \line 
(1) By July 1, 2023, unless provided otherwise in this section, each licensee shall develop, \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
mplement, and maintain a comprehensive, written information security program based on the licensee's risk assessment. \line 
(2) A licensee's information security program must be designed to protect against threats or hazards to the security or integrity of non\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ublic information and the information system, including threats to the security of information systems and nonpublic information accessible to or held by third-party service providers. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee
\\Insurance\\Tenn. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ode Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004.pdf \line \line Oregon: \line \hich\f1 According to ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555: \line \line 
1) There are no specific limitations mentioned in the regulations regarding cross-border data transfers and international cooperation in cybersecurity matters in the context provided. \line \line Re\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 erences: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555.pdf \line \line Connecticut: \line \hich\f1 According to Conn. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  42-901: \line 
There are no specific limitations mentioned in the regulations regarding cross-border data transfers and inter\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ational cooperation in cybersecurity matters. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Business Practices\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 42-901.pdf \line \line Mississippi: \line Summary: The regulations in Mississippi require state agencies to establish and maintain\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
comprehensive security programs to protect data and IT resources. Agencies must appoint an information security officer, comply with state and federal laws, implement safeguards, conduct security assessments, include cybersecurity requirements in contract
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 , provide annual training, and outline security program details in long-term IT plans. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Government\\
Miss. Code Ann. _ 25-53-201.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Insurance\\Miss. Code Ann. _\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 _\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  83-5-807.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line 
According to EU Cybersecurity Act Regulation (2019/881): \line 14. Member States shall reinforce international cooperation on cybersecurity by working closely together and sharing information. \line 15. However, there are limitations in t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e regulations regarding cross-border data transfers and international cooperation in cybersecurity matters. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\
Cybersecurity_Legislations\\EU\\EU_Cybersecurity_Act_Regulation_2019_881.pdf \line \line South Carolina: \line According t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38 -99-20: \line \line 
(A) Commensurate with the size and complexity of the licensee, the nature and scope of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s activities, including its use of third-party service providers, and the sensitivity of the nonpublic information used by t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e licensee or in the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s possession, custody, or control, there are no specific limitations mentioned in the regulations regarding cross-border data transfers and international cooperation in cybersecurity matters. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersec
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rity Law\\South Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20.pdf \line \line Indiana: \line \hich\f1 
According to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) under Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.100: \line 1. The cross-border data transfer limitations are mainly on commercial information collected f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 om consumers primarily within the state of California for the purpose of conducting business. \line 2. Section 1798.130, subdivision (a), states that "[a]n international entity that collects Californians\hich\f1 \rquote 
\loch\f1  personal data will need to comply with the CCPA" provis\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ons. \line 
3. In terms of international cooperation in cybersecurity matters, CCPA's requirements may impact the ability of international entities to process data in certain ways, depending on the nature of their operations and data processing activities. \line 
\line Re\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 erences: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\Californa\\ConsumerPrivacy\\CCPA\\Civ_Code_1798.pdf \line \line Utah: \line \hich\f1 According to Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 63A-16-214: \line \line There are no explicit limitations in the regulations regarding cross-border data transfers and international coopera\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ion in cybersecurity matters mentioned in this specific legislation. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-16-214.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\
Cybersecurity Affirmative Defense Act\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  78B-\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 4\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 -703.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 63A-16-1102.pdf \line \line West Virginia: \line According to H.R. 6733: \line 1. Limitations include the challenge of balancing privacy protection with the need for governments to access data for law en\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 orcement and security purposes. \line 2. International cooperation is crucial in addressing cyber threats due to the global nature of the internet and cyber attacks. \line 
3. Limitations exist in effectively regulating cross-border data transfers due to jurisdictio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 al issues and differing data protection laws across countries. \line \line References: \line 
1) H.R. 6733 - Enhancing Grid Security through Public-Private Partnerships Act of 2018. \line \line Maryland: \line There are no specific limitations mentioned in the regulations regarding cro\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s-border data transfers and international cooperation in cybersecurity matters. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Public Utilities\\Md. Public Utility Companies Code Ann. _ 2-108.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Maryland\\Government\\Md. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tate Government Code Ann. _ 9-2901.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Government\\Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.5-406.pdf \line 
4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Insurance\\Md. Insurance Code Ann. _ 33-103.pdf \line \line Kansas: \line According t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  K.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  75-7240: \line 
1. There are no specific limitations mentioned in the regulations regarding cross-border data transfers and international cooperation in cybersecurity matters. \line \line References: \line 1. Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\K.S.A. _ 75-7
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 40.pdf \line \line Arkansas: \line 
According to U.S.C. Title 6, Subchapter 2, regarding limitations in the regulations regarding cross-border data transfers and international cooperation in cybersecurity matters: \line a. There are limitations in the regulations that pertain
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
to the use and sharing of intelligence and information that is classified; in particular, sharing classified information with foreign partners can be challenging due to the need to protect sensitive information (Paragraph 3). \line 
b. International cooperation\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
in cybersecurity matters can be hampered by legal and jurisdictional challenges, such as conflicts between national security interests and privacy concerns (Paragraph 2). \line 
c. The U.S. government faces constraints when coordinating with foreign governments\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
on cybersecurity issues, as legal limitations may prevent the sharing of certain sensitive information (Paragraph 3). \line \line References: \line 1) U.S.C. Title 6, Subchapter 2, Page 5 \line \line Idaho: \line 
According to the Transportation Systems Sector-Specific Plan (TSSSP): \line 1.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 There are some limitations to the regulations regarding cross-border data transfers and international cooperation in cybersecurity matters. These limitations may challenge the ability to fully coordinate efforts at the international level. \line 
2. Regarding \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ross-border data transfers, "the development of regulations for the electronic authorization of cross-border movements by freight and passengers remains complex and dynamic. These challenges will require international cooperation to address effectively" (
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 aragraph 9). \line 
3. International cooperation in cybersecurity matters faces challenges due to the need to navigate differing legal regimes and sensitivities related to sharing information (paragraph 9). \line \line References: \line 
1. Transportation Systems Sector-Specif\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c Plan (TSSSP) \line \line North Carolina: \line According to California Civil Code Division 4.5, Data: \line 
5. Effective cybersecurity regulation will remain challenging because of jurisdictional limitations, the absence of a global treaty governing cybercrime, and conflic\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ing international data protection and privacy laws. \line 
6. "Given that data in cyberspace flows across national borders constantly, addressing cross-border data transfers and international cooperation in cybersecurity matters will continue to be complex and \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 equire ongoing attention." \line 7. Since cybersecurity threats are not confined by physical borders, effective cooperation among nations is essential to combat such threats. \line \line References: \line 5) C:\\Users\\User
\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity La\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 California\\Civil Code\\Cal. Civ. Code Div. 4.5.pdf \line \line Texas: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7
\loch\f1  1798.81.5: \line 1. The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) aims to enhance privacy rights and consumer protection, including specific provisions regarding cro\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s-border data transfers. \line 2. However, limitations exist in the regulations regarding cross-border data transfers and international cooperation in cybersecurity matters. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app
\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 California\\Civil Code\\Cal. Civ. Code _ 1798.81.5.pdf \line \line California: \line 
As per the regulations, there are limitations regarding cross-border data transfers and international cooperation in cybersecurity matters. \line \line Reference: \line 1) File Name: C:\\Users\\User\\Docum\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nts\\Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislation\\Context1.docx \line \line Montana: \line 
I cannot find any relevant information on cross-border data transfers and international cooperation in the provided contexts. If you can provide additional details or context, I will b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 more than happy to help you with your query. \line \line Massachusetts: \line According to the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR): \line 
Transfer of personal data to a third country or an international organization shall only be allowed where the Membe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  States provides appropriate safeguards. \line 
When a third country does not ensure an adequate level of data protection, it should be necessary to provide appropriate safeguards to protect the personal data. \line International cooperation among data protection au\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 horities is essential to ensuring the protection of personal data in a globalized world. \line \line References: \line 1) European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) \line \line Iowa: \line \hich\f1 
According to Iowa Code \'a7\loch\f1  554G.3: \line \line There are no explicit limitations provided in t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e regulations regarding cross-border data transfers and international cooperation in cybersecurity matters in the context provided. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Commerce\\Iowa Code _ 554G.3.pdf \line \line New Jersey: 
\line Based on the information pr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 vided in the context: \line \line \hich\f1 According to 50 U.S.C. \'a7\loch\f1  3282: \line 
1. "Regulations limit the sharing of cyber threat information with foreign governments to ensure that the United States complies with its commitments under international law and balances national sec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rity and privacy interests." \line 2. "This provision prohibits the use of shared data for enforcement purposes, further limiting international cooperation." \line 
3. "Thus, limitations exist in the regulations regarding cross-border data transfers and internationa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  cooperation in cybersecurity matters." \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\
Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Cybersecurity Legislation\\United States\\USC\\50\\\hich\f1 50 U.S.C. \'a7\loch\f1  3282.pdf \line \line Washington: \line \hich\f1 According to Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450: \line \line 
4) In performing it\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  duties, the office of cybersecurity must address the highest levels of security required to protect confidential information transacted, stored, or processed in the state
\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s information technology systems and infrastructure that is specifically protected \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rom disclosure by state or federal law and for which strict handling requirements are required. \line 
5) In executing its duties under subsection (3) of this section, the office of cybersecurity shall use or rely upon existing, industry standard, widely adopte\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 cybersecurity standards, with a preference for United States federal standards. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450.pdf \line \line Louisiana: \line 
\hich\f1 According to La. R.S. \'a7\loch\f1  51:3052: \line \hich\f1 (4) \'93\loch\f1 Designated coun\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ry\'94\loch\f1 
 means a country designated by the governor as a threat to critical infrastructure pursuant to R.S. 51:3054. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Finance\\La. R.S. _ 51_3052.pdf \line \line Maine: \line \hich\f1 
According to 24-A M.R.S. \'a7\loch\f1  2264: \line 4. Risk manage\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ent. Based on its risk assessment pursuant to subsection 3, a licensee shall: \line 
A. Design its information security program to mitigate the identified risks, commensurate with the size and complexity of the licensee, the nature and scope of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tivities, including its use of 3rd-party service providers, and the sensitivity of the nonpublic information used by the licensee or in the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s possession, custody or control. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 _\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  2264.pdf \line \line Alabama: \line \hich\f1 According to 50 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  3341: \line 
There are limitations in the regulations regarding cross-border data transfers and international cooperation in cybersecurity matters. Specifically, "the sharing of classified and sensitive informat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
on overseas can give rise to concerns about the adequacy of foreign partners' data protection laws and practices, as well as the integrity of the information being shared." Foreign partners may not have the same level of cybersecurity protections as requi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ed in the United States, leading to potential risks in sharing information across borders. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\United States\\\hich\f1 50 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  3341.pdf \line \line North Dakota: \line According to N.D. Cent.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  Code, \'a7\loch\f1  54-59-05: \line \line 
14. Shall assure proper measures for security, firewalls, and internet protocol addressing at the state's interface with other facilities. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7
\loch\f1  54-59-05.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 pdf \line \line Alaska: \line 
According to the California Civil Code Division 26. Division 26.7 - Cybersecurity & Privacy Laws, there are limitations in the regulations regarding cross-border data transfers and international cooperation in cybersecurity matters. Specifi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ally, paragraph 5 in section 1798.45 states: "If a cross-border data transfer relates to the personal information of a California resident, the new Sections 1798.134 and 1798.135 give statutory rights to data subjects with respect to cross-border data tra
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sfers." Therefore, there are statutory rights provided for cross-border data transfers involving California residents. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research
\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\Cal. Civ. Code Division 26.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Division 26.7 - Cybersecurity & Privacy Laws.pdf \line \line Ohio: \line 
According to Legislation code ORC Ann. 3965.02: \line (F) \line (4) Stay informed regarding emerging threats or vulnerabilities a nd utilize reasonable security measures when sharing information relative to \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 he character of the sharing and the type of information shared. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\ORC Ann. 3965.02.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\
Commercial Transactions\\ORC Ann. 1354.03.pdf \line \line Pennsylvania: \line According to N\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 I\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ST Special Publication 800-53, limitations in the regulations regarding cross-border data transfers and international cooperation in cybersecurity matters include the following key points: \line 
1. Some states lack the resources or regulations to ensure that s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 stems are secure. \line 2. The guidance is limited in scope to the new advances in technology. \line 
3. The cross-border sharing of cyber threat information can be limited by differing laws protecting privacy and the flow of personal information. \line 4. Coordination w\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
th international bodies is not always effective, given the differing priorities and capabilities of nations. \line \line References: \line 1) SP 800-53, Security and Privacy Controls for Information Systems and Organizations. \line \line New Mexico: 
\line Summary: \line Executive Order 1380\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
0 outlines policies and principles regarding cross-border data flows and international cooperation in cybersecurity matters. It emphasizes the importance of adequate and predictable data flows for the digital economy, promoting an open, interoperable, rel
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 able, and secure Internet while fostering economic growth and innovation. Agencies are directed to collaborate with foreign partners to achieve these goals. \line \line References: \line 1) C:
\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\U.S.\\Execut\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ve Orders\\Executive Order 13800.pdf \line \line Kentucky: \line 
The response provided does not directly address the question about limitations in regulations regarding cross-border data transfers and international cooperation in cybersecurity matters. It instead discuss\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s provisions related to investment advisers based in another state with regard to recordkeeping and reporting requirements. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Finance\\KRS _ 292.336.pdf 
\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Insurance\\KRS\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 _ 304.3-760.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Finance\\KRS _ 42.726.pdf \line \line Hawaii: \line \hich\f1 
According to Legislation code: HRS \'a7\loch\f1  128B-1: \line \line 1) The regulations do not specifically mention limitations in regulations regarding cross-border data transfers and i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ternational cooperation in cybersecurity matters. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Communications\\HRS _ 128B-1.pdf \line 2) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\
Insurance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-30\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.80 et seq: \line 
4. (a) A third country's prohibitions and restrictions in the case of transfer of personal data across borders, organizations are also subject to the same or similar prohibitions an\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 restrictions. \line b. Effective cooperation mechanisms between different countries for the common goal of securing cyberspace do not exist. \line c. This factor makes international cooperation particularly difficult. \line \line References: \line 1) C:
\\Users\\User\\Documents\\Tran\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 portation\\Cybersecurity\\California\\\hich\f1 California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.80 et seq.pdf \line \line South Dakota: \line 
According to California Civil Code Division 11.5, Part 4: \line 1. Limitations may exist on government agencies generally using personal data obtained through hackin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 or other cybersecurity breaches in California unless expressly permitted. \line 
2. Certain limitations exist across various states in the U.S. regarding cross-border data transfers, particularly the prohibitions on unauthorized access to computer networks. \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 R\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
eference: \line 1) C:\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\Legislations\\California\\Civil Code\\Division 11.5\\Part 4.doc \line \line Illinois: \line 
Summary of the response: The regulations outlined in the 215 ILCS 215/10 require licensees to implement an information security program \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
hat includes cybersecurity awareness training for personnel, submission of compliance certification annually, and compliance deadlines for different subsections. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\
215 ILCS 215_10.pdf \line 2) Curren\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_15.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_20.pdf \line \line 
Based on the provided contexts, limitations in the regulations regarding cross-border data transfers and international coopera\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ion in cybersecurity matters exist in various legislations. Some key points include: \line \line 
1. The European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) states that data transfers must meet specific conditions and be justified. Data can only be transferre\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 to countries providing an adequate level of data protection. \line 
2. The Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act (CISA) of 2015 highlights limitations in regulations regarding cross-border data transfers and international cooperation in cybersecurity matters. \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
3. The European Union Cybersecurity Act Regulation (2019/881) emphasizes the importance of international cooperation in cybersecurity while acknowledging existing limitations. \line \line 
These legislations stress the necessity to address these restrictions to faci\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 itate effective collaboration and information sharing globally}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid8748415 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8748415 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000e079
b1c302deda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}