{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff1\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f52\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f441\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f442\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f444\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f445\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f446\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f447\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f448\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f449\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1126331\rsid1263605\rsid2376706\rsid7824290}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}
{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min47}{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min51}{\version4}{\edmins1}{\nofpages15}{\nofwords6272}{\nofchars35753}{\nofcharsws41942}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot2376706 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid1126331 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q36. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid1126331 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Do the regulations adequately address the responsibilities and liabilities of third-party vendors and service providers that handle sensitive data on behalf of other entities}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid1126331 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid2376706 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid1126331 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid1126331 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line 5. Arizona 
\line 6. Colorado \line 7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island \line 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 18. Oregon \line 
19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Okl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 homa \line 22. South Carolina \line 23. Indiana \line 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. Kansas \line 
28. Arkansas \line 29. Idaho \line 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 9. Maine \line 40. Alabama \line 41. North Dakota \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. New Mexico \line 46. Kentucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 50. Illinois 
\line \line New Hampshire: \line According to RSA 420 -P:4: \line III. While performing risk assessment th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  licensee shall: \line 
(b) Identify reasonably foreseeable internal or external threats that could result in unauthorized access, transmission, disclosure, misuse, alteration or destruction of nonpublic information, including the security of information system
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  and nonpublic information that are accessible to, or held by, third-party service providers. \line 
VI. With regard to oversight of third-party service providers, a licensee shall exercise due diligence in selecting its third-party service provider; and \line (b) A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
licensee shall require a third-party service provider to implement appropriate administrative, technical, and physical measures to protect and secure the information systems and nonpublic information that are accessible to, or held by, the third-party ser
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ice provider. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420-P_4.pdf \line \line Delaware: \line \hich\f1 According to 18 Del. C. \'a7\loch\f1 
 8604 - Context 1, Context 2, Context 3, and Context 4: \line 1. Oversight of third-party service provider arrangements incl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 des: \line 
- "A licensee shall exercise due diligence in selecting a third-party service provider." \line - "A licensee shall require a third-party service provider to implement appropriate administrative, technical, and physical measures to protect and secure the 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nformation system." \line 
- "The third-party service provider is not considered to have access to or hold encrypted nonpublic information for purposes of this section if the associated protective process or key necessary to assign meaning to the nonpublic info
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 mation is not within the third-party service provider\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s possession." \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\
18 Del. C. _ 8604.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8606.pdf \line \line Virginia: \line According to Va. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ode Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-623: 
\line B. Each licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s information security program shall be designed to: \line 1. Protect the security and confidentiality of nonpublic information and the security of the information system; \line 
2. Protect against any reasonably foreseeable th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 eats or hazards to the security or integrity of nonpublic information and the information system; \line 
3. Protect against unauthorized access to or use of nonpublic information, and minimize the likelihood of harm to any consumer; \line 4. Define and periodically \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
eevaluate a schedule for retention of nonpublic information and a mechanism for its destruction. \line E. Beginning July 1, 2022, if a licensee utilizes a third-party service provider, the licensee shall: \line 
1. Exercise due diligence in selecting its third-party\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 service provider; and \line 
2. Require a third-party service provider to implement appropriate administrative, technical, and physical measures to protect and secure the information systems and nonpublic information that are accessible to, or held by, the thir
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 -party service provider. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-623.pdf \line \line New York: \line 
Summary of the response: \line \line The regulations specify that third-party contractors must notify educational agencies of any secur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ty breaches resulting in unauthorized release of sensitive data. Educational agencies must report breaches to their chief privacy officer, who will involve law enforcement if criminal conduct is suspected. Additionally, affected individuals (students, tea
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 hers, principals) must be promptly informed of any unauthorized data release. \line \line References: \line \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Education\\\hich\f1 NY CLS Educ \'a7
\loch\f1  2-d.pdf \line \line Arizona: \line \hich\f1 According to 23 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  420(l): \line i. Ensure the identification, management, \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nd safeguarding of critical transportation infrastructure and systems; \line ii. Enhance the durability of critical transportation infrastructure; \line 
iii. Improve the procedural and information safeguards related to systems controlling the operations of vehicles\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ;\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 
iv. Increase mechanisms to facilitate information sharing among relevant stakeholders: Provided, That the Secretary shall carry out this subparagraph consistent with section 40119(b) and (c) of title 49, United States Code; \line 
v. Assemble and disseminate \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nformation related to transportation cybersecurity risks and incidents; \line 
vi. Assemble and disseminate information on best practices for transportation cybersecurity; \line vii. Support the development of the cybersecurity workforce across the U.S. Department o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 Transportation; and \line viii. Apply cybersecurity technologies and best practices to the design of transportation systems. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\National\\
23_U.S._Code_420.pdf \line \line Colorado: \line Acco\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ding to C.R.S. 2-3-1704: \line \line 
(6.5) The committee may request information and presentations from state agencies regarding data privacy and cybersecurity within state agencies and may coordinate with the Colorado cybersecurity council created in section 24-33.
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5-1902. In addition, the committee may consider: \line (a) Whether state agencies are collecting or retaining data that exceeds what is necessary and appropriate for such agencies to perform their functions; \line 
(b) Who has access to data, the extent of such acce\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s, and appropriate mechanisms to protect sensitive data; and \line 
(c) Measures to protect data against unauthorized access, disclosure, use, modification, or destruction. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Joint Technology Committee\\C.R.S. 2-\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 -1704.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Consumer Protection Act\\C.R.S. 6-1-716.pdf \line \line Georgia: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.185: \line 
3. The regulations do not adequately address the responsibilities and liabilities of third-party vendor\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  and service providers that handle sensitive data on behalf of other entities. \line 
\line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.185.pdf \line \line Vermont: \line \hich\f1 According to 8 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 7\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
28, the legislation adequately addresses the responsibilities and liabilities of third-party vendors and service providers that handle sensitive data on behalf of other entities. Specifically, the statute states: \line \line 
Paragraph (d)(6)(A) requires a licensee \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o exercise due diligence in selecting its third-party service provider. \line 
Paragraph (d)(6)(B) mandates that a licensee shall require a third-party service provider to implement appropriate administrative, technical, and physical measures to protect and sec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
re the information systems and nonpublic information that are accessible to or held by the third-party service provider. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Financial\\\hich\f1 8 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4728.pdf \line \line 
Wyoming: \line \hich\f1 According to Wyo. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  40-12-502: \line \line 1.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 Third party vendors that handle sensitive data on behalf of other entities are addressed in subsection (g), which states: "Any person who maintains computerized data that includes personal identifying information on behalf of another business entity shal
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 disclose to the business entity for which the information is maintained any breach of the security of the system as soon as practicable following the determination that personal identifying information was, or is reasonably believed to have been, acquire
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  by an unauthorized person." \line \line 
2. Additionally, subsection (g) of the regulation emphasizes that the person maintaining the data and the business entity may agree on who will provide the required notice in case of a breach. If no agreement is reached, the\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 person with a direct business relationship with residents of the state shall provide the notice. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wyoming\\Data Breach Notification\\\hich\f1 Wyo. Stat. -\'ba
\loch\f1  40-12-502.pdf \line \line Rhode Island: \line According to NIST SP 800-53 Rev. 5: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3.5 Third-Party Security \line The organization: \line 
a. Establishes terms and conditions with third-party providers that address security roles and responsibilities. \line b. Ensures security requirements and security roles and responsibilities are consistent with int\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rnal requirements. \line c. Monitors third-party security controls on a regular basis. \line d. Responds to security alerts, advisories, and incidents involving third-party providers. \line 
e. Retains the right to audit the third-party security controls. \line f. Ensures tha\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  third-party providers receive security training commensurate with their responsibilities. \line 
g. Ensures separation of duties and least privilege principles are applied when outsourcing information systems. \line h. Includes security requirements in contracts wi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
h third-party providers. \line i. Ensures compliance with security requirements through monitoring and assessment. \line \line References: \line 1) NIST SP 800-53 Rev. 5 - https://csrc.nist.gov/publications/detail/sp/800-53/rev-5/final \line \line 
Nebraska: \line \hich\f1 According to R.R.S. Neb. \'a7\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 87-803: \line 
1) An individual or a commercial entity that maintains computerized data that includes personal information that the individual or commercial entity does not own or license shall give notice to and cooperate with the owner or licensee of the info
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
mation of any breach of the security of the system when it becomes aware of a breach if use of personal information about a Nebraska resident for an unauthorized purpose occurred or is reasonably likely to occur. Cooperation includes, but is not limited t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 , sharing with the owner or licensee information relevant to the breach, not including information proprietary to the individual or commercial entity. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nebraska\\Financial\\\hich\f1 R.R.S. Neb. \'a7\loch\f1  87-803.pdf \line \line Nevada: \line Summa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y: \line 
The response highlights the importance of protecting and securing information systems to safeguard the health, safety, and welfare of the people of Nevada. It emphasizes the need for identifying vulnerabilities, eliminating threats, and maintaining co
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tinuous operations of essential services. Collaboration among various sectors and institutions of higher education is crucial for cybersecurity. The Legislature enacts provisions to mitigate risks and protect statewide cyberinfrastructure. \line \line 
Reference: \line 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 )\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.900.pdf \line \line Michigan: \line \hich\f1 
According to Legislation code MCLS \'a7\loch\f1  500.555: \line \line 3) A licensee shall do all of the following: \line (a) Designate 1 or more employees, an affiliate, or an outside ve\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
dor to act on behalf of the licensee that is responsible for the information security program. \line 
(b) Identify reasonably foreseeable internal or external threats that could result in unauthorized access, transmission, disclosure, misuse, alteration, or des\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ruction of nonpublic information, including the security of information systems and nonpublic information that are accessible to, or held by, third-party service providers. \line \line 
6) A licensee shall exercise due diligence in selecting its third-party service \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rovider. A licensee shall require a third-party service provider to implement appropriate administrative, technical, and physical measures to protect and secure the information systems and nonpublic information that are accessible to, or held by, the thir
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 -party service provider. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS _ 500.555.pdf \line \line Florida: \line 
The response provided does not directly address whether the regulations adequately address the responsibilities and liabilities of third-\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
party vendors and service providers handling sensitive data on behalf of other entities. It specifically discusses the duties and responsibilities of the state data center, the department, and the Northwest Regional Data Center according to Fla. Stat. 
\'a7\loch\f1  2\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 8\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2.201. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Information Technology\\Fla. Stat. _ 282.201.pdf \line \line Missouri: \line 
According to Code of Md. Regs. 11.20.12.01: \line i. All connected vehicles, and all third-party vendors and service providers that handle s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nsitive data on behalf of the connected vehicles, including those vehicles used for in a transportation service, shall comply with applicable state and federal laws and regulations relating to data privacy and security, and shall ensure the security and c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nfidentiality of the data. \line 
ii. Third-party vendors and service providers that handle sensitive data on behalf of the connected vehicles shall be contractually obligated to comply with all applicable state and federal laws and regulations relating to data
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
privacy and security, and shall be responsible for any unauthorized access, use, or disclosure of the data by the vendor or service provider or by any person acting on behalf of the vendor or service provider. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\
User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD R\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 search\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Transportation\\Security Laws\\Code_of_Md._Regs._11.20.12.01.pdf \line \line Wisconsin: \line \hich\f1 
According to Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952: \line \line 3) Risk management. Based on the risk assessment under sub. (2), the licensee shall do all \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f the following: \line 
(a) Design an information security program to mitigate the identified threats, commensurate with the size and complexity of the licensee, and the sensitivity of the nonpublic information. \line (6) Oversight of 3rd-party service provider arra
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
gements. If applicable, no later than 2 years after the effective date of this subsection, a licensee shall exercise due diligence when selecting any 3rd-party service provider. The licensee shall make reasonable efforts to require a 3rd-party service pro
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ider to implement appropriate administrative, technical, and physical measures to protect and secure the information systems and nonpublic information that are accessible to or held by the 3rd-party service provider. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952.pdf \line \line Tennessee: \line \hich\f1 According to Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004: 
\line \line 4) Based on a licensee's risk assessment, the licensee shall: \line (A) Design an information security program to mitigate the identified risks, commens\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rate with the size and complexity of the licensee and the nature and scope of its activities, including its use of third-party service providers, and the sensitivity of the nonpublic information used by or in the possession, custody, or control of the lic
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nsee; \line (B) Determine which of the following security measures are appropriate for the licensee and implement those security measures: \line ... \line \line 
6) A licensee shall exercise due diligence in selecting a third-party service provider and, by July 1, 2023, requi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e that each third-party service provider implement appropriate administrative, technical, and physical measures to protect and secure the information systems and nonpublic information accessible to, or held by, the third-party service provider. \line 
\line Referenc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004.pdf \line \line Oregon: \line \hich\f1 
According to Code of Colorado Regulations \'a7\loch\f1  64E-2.016: \line 1. "Third-party vendors and service providers shall have in place written agreements with the Covered E\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tity that outline the third-party vendor\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s or service provider\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s responsibility for safeguarding the Covered Entity\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s Information". \line 
2. "The written agreements shall require the third-party vendor or service provider to implement and maintain appropriate \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
dministrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the Covered Entity\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s Information". \line \hich\f1 3. "The Colorado Laws \'a7\loch\f1 
 64E-2.016 specify that the Covered Entity shall not enter into an agreement with a third-party vendor or service provider unless the t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ird-party vendor or service provider accepts in writing the responsibilities and liabilities as required by the underlying contract or other laws and regulations". \line 
4. "These laws address the responsibilities and liabilities of third-party vendors and ser\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ice providers in handling sensitive data on behalf of other entities by mandating written agreements and appropriate safeguards". \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\Legislations\\Colorado\\\hich\f1 
Code of Colorado Regulations \'a7\loch\f1  64E-2.016.p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f \line \line Connecticut: \line \hich\f1 According to Conn. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  38a-38: \line \line 
The regulations address the responsibilities and liabilities of third-party vendors and service providers who handle sensitive data on behalf of other entities. It states in subsection (6)(A) tha\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  "Each licensee shall exercise due diligence in selecting such licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s third-party service providers" and in (6)(B) it mentions that "each licensee shall require each of such licensee\hich\f1 
\rquote \loch\f1 s third-party service providers to implement appropriate administrat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ve, technical and physical measures to protect and secure the information systems that are, and nonpublic information that is, accessible to, or held by, such licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s third-party service providers." Furthermore, in (e)(4)(A)(i), it states that "Each li\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ensee affected by the event shall treat such event, if the licensee is aware of such event, as such licensee would treat such event under subdivision (1) of this subsection." These provisions clearly outline the responsibilities and obligations of third-p
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rty vendors and service providers in handling sensitive data. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Insurance\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 38a-38.pdf \line \line 
Mississippi: \line \hich\f1 According to Miss. Code Ann. \'a7\u8201\'20\loch\f1  83 -5-807: \line \line (6) \line (a) A licensee shall exercise d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e diligence in selecting its third -party service provider; and \line (b) A licensee shall require a third -party service provider to implement appropriate \line 
administrative, technical and physical measures to protect and secure the information systems \line and nonp\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
blic information that are accessible to, or held by, the third -party service provider. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Insurance\\Miss. Code Ann. __ 83-5-807.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line Summary: \line 
The regulations require covered entities to es\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ablish and maintain a comprehensive cybersecurity program that includes safeguards for protecting personal and restricted information. The program should address security, confidentiality, threat protection, and unauthorized access prevention. It must be 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ailored to the entity's size, complexity, activities, and available resources. Additionally, the cybersecurity program must be reviewed, evaluated, and updated annually with documentation. 
\line \line References: \line - Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oklahoma\\Hospital Cyber\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecurity Protection Act\\\hich\f1 18 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f1  2070.pdf \line \line South Carolina: \line 
\hich\f1 According to S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20: \line \line (B) A licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s information security program must be designed to: \line 1) protect the security and confidentiality of nonpublic information and the sec
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rity of the information system; \line 2) protect against threats or hazards to the security or integrity of nonpublic information and the information system; \line 
3) protect against unauthorized access to or use of nonpublic information, and minimize the likelihoo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  of harm to a consumer; \line 
4) define and periodically reevaluate a schedule for retention of nonpublic information and a mechanism for its destruction when no longer needed. \line (F) A licensee shall: \line 1) exercise due diligence in selecting its third-party serv
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ce provider; and \line 
2) require a third-party service provider to implement appropriate administrative, technical, and physical measures to protect and secure the information systems and nonpublic information that are accessible to, or held by, the third-par
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y service provider. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20.pdf \line \line Indiana: \line 
\hich\f1 According to Tex. Util. Code \'a7\loch\f1  58.008: \line "An entity that maintains customer information and contracts with a nonaffiliated th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rd party to reclaim, manage, dispose of, or otherwise handle the customer information shall require by contract that the third party implement and maintain reasonable procedures for the protection of the customer information." \line \line References: 
\line 1) C:\\Users\\U\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 er\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Utilities\\Tex. Util. Code _ 58.008.pdf \line \line Utah: \line 
The regulations in Utah adequately address the responsibilities and liabilities of third-party vendors and service providers that handle sensit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
ve data on behalf of other entities. According to Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-19-401: \line \line 
1) Third-party vendors and service providers are subject to the same requirements as the governmental entity they have agreements with when processing or accessing personal d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ta. \line 
2) Agreements with contractors must require compliance with the chapter's requirements regarding personal data to the same extent as required of the governmental entity. \line 3) These requirements are additional and do not replace any other laws protecti
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g privacy rights or government records that may impose liability for the contractor's violations. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 
Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-19-401.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 53B-28-501.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\
Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-19-301.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  53E-9-301.pdf \line \line West Virginia: \line \hich\f1 According to W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 18-2-5h: \line \line 4. Develop a detailed data\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
security plan that includes guidelines for the student data system and for individual student data, privacy compliance standards, privacy and security audits, breach planning, notification and procedures, data retention and disposition policies, and data 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecurity policies including electronic, physical, and administrative safeguards, such as data encryption and training of employees. \line \line 
6. Ensure that any contracts that govern databases, assessments, or instructional supports that include student or redacte\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 data and are outsourced to private vendors include express provisions that safeguard privacy and security and include penalties for noncompliance. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Education\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code 
\'a7\loch\f1  18-2-5h.pdf \line \line Maryland: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ccording to Md. Insurance Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  33-103: \line (a) Each carrier shall: \line 
(1) designate one or more employees, an affiliate, or an outside vendor to act on behalf of the carrier who is responsible for the information security program; \line (h) A carrier shall r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
quire a third-party service provider to implement appropriate administrative, technical, and physical measures to protect and secure the information systems and nonpublic information that are accessible to or held by the third-party service provider. 
\line \line Th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
refore, the regulations address the responsibilities and liabilities of third-party vendors and service providers that handle sensitive data on behalf of other entities by requiring carriers to designate responsible parties for the information security pr
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 gram and ensuring third-party service providers implement necessary security measures. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Insurance\\
Md. Insurance Code Ann. _ 33-103.pdf \line \line Kansas: \line \hich\f1 According to K.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  75-7240: \line 1. The regulations do not\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
specifically address the responsibilities and liabilities of third-party vendors and service providers that handle sensitive data on behalf of other entities. The focus is primarily on the executive branch agency heads' responsibilities related to the sec
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rity of data and information technology resources under their purview. \line 
2. The legislation emphasizes that agency heads are solely responsible for the security of data and information technology resources, irrespective of their location, and should implem\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nt policies and standards to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. \line 
3. While there are requirements for agencies to include cybersecurity requirements in their procurement processes and to conduct self-assessment reports on cybersecurity\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
vulnerabilities, there is no explicit mention of third-party vendor responsibilities or liabilities. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\K.S.A. _ 75-7240.pdf \line \line Arkansas: \line \hich\f1 
Summary: The regulations in California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.8\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 outline the responsibilities and liabilities of third-party vendors and service providers handling sensitive data. Business entities are required to implement security procedures to protect personal information. Written agreements must prohibit third par
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ies from disclosing or using data for unauthorized purposes, creating a private right of action for breaches. Third parties are not liable for disclosure if they maintain security procedures, adhere to contract terms, or retain data for specific purposes.
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Reference: California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.82 \line \line Idaho: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1 1798.140: \line \hich\f1 1. (a) 
\'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Business\'94\loch\f1  means a sole proprietorship, partnership, corporation, association, or other group, however organized and whether or not organized to o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
erate at a profit, including a financial institution organized, chartered, or holding a license or authorization certificate under the law of this state, any other state, the United States, or any other country, or the parent or the subsidiary of a financ
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 al institution. \line \hich\f1 4. (b) \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Commercial purposes\'94\loch\f1  means any of the following: \line 
(1) The advertising, solicitation, marketing, promotion, or offering of a product or service. \line (2) The securing of an application to obtain a product or service. \line (3) The extension\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
of credit. \line (4) The investment of money or other property. \line (5) The licensing of a product. \line (6) The leasing of a product. \line 
6. Therefore, based on this legislation, it is clear that the regulations adequately address the responsibilities and liabilities o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  third-party vendors and service providers. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1 1798.140.pdf \line \line North Carolina: \line \hich\f1 
Summary: The regulations outlined in N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
143B-1350 establish procedures for the procurement of information technology, including the use of multiple award schedule contracts and limitations on liability for contractors handling sensitive data. The State CIO is responsible for updating contracts 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nd implementing efficient procurement procedures. Third-party vendors and service providers are subject to limitations of liability, including for damages, losses, and unauthorized access to data. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law
\\North Carolina\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 I\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nformation Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1350.pdf \line \line Texas: \line According to Senate Bill 3704: \line 
1. Any third-party vendor or service provider that handles sensitive data on behalf of an entity must comply with regulations that impose obligations on such v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ndors and hold them liable for any breaches involving the data they handle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Transportation\\S. 3704.pdf \line \line California: \line 
I'm sorry, but I cannot answer the question withou\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  the necessary context or information provided. \line \line Montana: \line \hich\f1 According to Calif. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5: 
\line 1. Regulations Adequately Address the Responsibilities and Liabilities of Third-Party Vendors and Service Providers: \line a. "Inferences drawn or conclusio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s reached about a consumer based on the sale of the consumer's personal information" \line b. "Does not interfere with a consumer's ability to opt out of the processing of the consumer's personal information" \line 
c. "Place technical and organizational measures de\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 igned to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and accessibility of the personal information that they process" \line \line References: 
\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\\hich\f1 Calif. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5.pdf \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Massachusetts: \line \hich\f1 
The response provided outlines regulations set forth by ALM GL ch. 93H, \'a7\loch\f1  2 in Massachusetts regarding safeguarding personal information of residents of the commonwealth. The regulations are designed to ensure security and confidentiality
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
of personal information, protect against threats or hazards to information security, and prevent unauthorized access that could result in harm or inconvenience to residents. The rules apply to various entities within the state government, executive office
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
, and agencies, taking into account factors such as the size, resources, and type of services provided. Reference to the specific law for further details can be found in the provided document links. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusett\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Business\\ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 2.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 3.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Government\\ALM GL ch. 7D, _ 7.pdf \line \line Iowa: \line \hich\f1 According to Iowa Code \'a7\loch\f1  507F.4: \line \line 1. Regarding third-par\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y vendors and service providers that handle sensitive data on behalf of other entities, a licensee must develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive written information security program. This program should include safeguards to manage threats identif
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ed in ongoing risk assessments, regular testing and monitoring of systems and procedures, and multi-factor authentication procedures for authorized individuals accessing nonpublic information. \line \line 
2. Licensees are required to assess the sufficiency of polic\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
es, procedures, information systems, and safeguards in place to manage threats, including those relating to third-party service providers who may have access to nonpublic information. The licensee's information security program must also include cybersecu
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ity risks in the enterprise-wide risk management process and provide cybersecurity awareness training to personnel. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Insurance
\\Iowa Code _ 507F.4.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Commerce\\Iowa Code _ 5\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 4G.3.pdf \line \line New Jersey: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 1798.185: \line a. Regulations require that contracts with third-party vendors and service providers that handle sensitive data on behalf of other entities include a provision requiring those vendor\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  to maintain security practices and procedures to: \line (1) Protect the security and confidentiality of the personal information. \line (2) Protect against unauthorized access to, or use of, personal information. \line 
(3) Direct that the vendor or service provider pro\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ptly report any unauthorized access or use of personal information to the entity with whom they contracted and assist in any investigation or mitigation efforts. \line 
b. The same regulations also require that contracts include provisions regarding the role of\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
the vendor or service provider in the event of a data breach or unauthorized access to personal information, including any necessary assistance in notifying affected individuals and relevant authorities. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\
Box\\UTD\\PhD Researc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Privacy Regulations\\\hich\f1 Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.185.pdf \line \line Washington: \line 
The response provided lists detailed requirements and considerations related to data management, security, flow, access permissions, cyb\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rsecurity, vendor service level agreements, costs, software offerings, integration limitations, liability, hosting agencies, regulatory agencies, timelines, resource planning, and business analysis. It references specific sections of the Washington Curren
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  Cybersecurity Laws, such as Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1 \hich\f1  71.24.898 and \'a7\loch\f1  19.255.020, among others. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  71.24.898(2).pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Busines\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  19.255.020.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  71.24.898.pdf \line \line Louisiana: \line \hich\f1 According to La. R.S. \'a7\loch\f1 
 22:2504: \line \line F. With regard to third-party service providers, a licensee shall do al\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  of the following: \line (1) Exercise due diligence in selecting a third-party service provider. 
\line (2) Require third-party service providers to implement appropriate administrative, technical, and physical measures to protect and secure the information systems \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nd nonpublic information that are accessible to or held by the third-party service provider. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Insurance\\La. R.S. _ 22_2504.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Insurance
\\La. R.S. _ 22_2506.pdf \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 M\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 aine: \line \hich\f1 The regulations outlined in Legislation code 24-A M.R.S. \'a7\loch\f1 
 2264 address the responsibilities and liabilities of third-party vendors and service providers handling sensitive data on behalf of other entities. It requires licensees to designate indivi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
uals responsible for information security programs, identify threats to nonpublic information held by third-party providers, assess risks, evaluate security policies and safeguards, and conduct regular effectiveness assessments. Additionally, licensees ar
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  required to exercise due diligence in selecting third-party providers and ensure they implement appropriate safeguards to protect information systems and data. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf \line \line Alabama: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 According to Legislation code: Ala. \'a7\loch\f1  8-38-8: \line 
In the event a third-party agent has experienced a breach of security in the system maintained by the agent, the agent shall notify the covered entity of the breach of security as expeditiously as possible an\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 without unreasonable delay, but no later than 10 days following the determination of the breach of security or reason to believe the breach occurred. After receiving notice from a third-party agent, a covered entity shall provide notices required under S
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ctions 8-38-5 and 8-38-6. A third-party agent, in cooperation with a covered entity, shall provide information in the possession of the third-party agent so that the covered entity can comply with its notice requirements. A covered entity may enter into a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 contractual agreement with a third-party agent whereby the third-party agent agrees to handle notifications required under this chapter. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Alabama\\Data Breach Notification Act\\Files(12).pdf \line \line North Dakota: \line Accord\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ng to N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1 -02.2-03: \line 
\line 3e. Implement information safeguards to manage the threats identified in the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s ongoing assessment and assess the effectiveness of the safeguards\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
 key controls, systems, and procedures on an annual basis. \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
6. A licensee shall exercise due diligence in selecting its third-party service provider; and a licensee shall require a third-party service provider to implement appropriate administrative, technical, and physical measures to protect and secure the infor
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ation systems and nonpublic information accessible to, or held by, the third-party service provider. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Insurance\\
\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-03.pdf \line \line Alaska: \line \hich\f1 According to Calif. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.140\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 
1. "The regulations adequately address the responsibilities and liabilities of third-party vendors and service providers that handle sensitive data on behalf of other entities" - Yes, the regulations adequately address the responsibilities and liabiliti
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s of third-party vendors and service providers that handle sensitive data on behalf of other entities. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\\hich\f1 Calif. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.140.pdf \line \line Ohio: \line Su\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 mary: \line 
The regulations outlined in ORC Ann. 3965.02 address the responsibilities and liabilities of third-party vendors and service providers handling sensitive data on behalf of other entities. The law mandates that licensees must implement safeguards to
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
protect nonpublic information, assess threats regularly, select third-party service providers diligently, and require these providers to implement security measures to protect the information systems and data accessible to them. \line \line References: 
\line 1) Current \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\ORC Ann. 3965.02.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Data Breach Notification\\_ 1349.09. Responsibilities of operator.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Commercial Transactions\\ORC Ann. 1354.03.pdf \line \line Pennsylvania: \line S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 mmary: The regulations outlined in 40 Pa.C.S. \'a7\loch\f1 
 4513 assign responsibilities for information security to licensees, requiring them to designate employees, affiliates, or vendors to manage their information security programs. Licensees must develop securit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 measures based on risk assessments, including identifying and managing data, personnel, devices, systems, and facilities. Additionally, licensees are mandated to establish and maintain an incident response plan to address cybersecurity events. Overall, t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e regulations adequately address the responsibilities and liabilities of third-party vendors and service providers handling sensitive data on behalf of other entities. \line \line Reference: 
\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1  4513.pdf \line \line New Me\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 x\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ico: \line \hich\f1 According to N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  57-12C-2: \line 
\hich\f1 D. \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 security breach\'94\loch\f1  means the unauthorized acquisition of unencrypted computerized data, or of encrypted computerized data and the confidential process or key used to decrypt the encrypted computerized data,
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  that compromises the security, confidentiality or integrity of personal identifying information maintained by a person. \line \line \hich\f1 E. \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 service provider\'94\loch\f1 
 means any person that receives, stores, maintains, licenses, processes or otherwise is permitted access to per\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
onal identifying information through its provision of services directly to a person that is subject to regulation. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Data Breach Notification Act\\57-12C-2. Definitions.pdf \line \line 
Kentucky: \line The response prov\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ded highlights the requirement for investment advisers to establish and implement physical security and cybersecurity policies and procedures to protect client records and information. These policies should be tailored to the business model, address poten
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ial threats, safeguard confidential information, and include functions like identification, protection, detection, response, and recovery. Additionally, investment advisers are mandated to conduct annual reviews of these policies and procedures for adequa
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y and effectiveness, with documentation required for three years. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Finance\\KRS _ 292.336.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Insurance\\KRS _ 304.3-750.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\In\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urance\\KRS _ 304.3-756.pdf \line \line Hawaii: \line \hich\f1 
According to HRS \'a7\loch\f1  431:3B -203: \line Risk management. \line (1) Design its information security program to mitigate the identified risks, commensurate with the size and complexity of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s activities, including its us\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  of third-party service providers, and the sensitivity of the nonpublic information used by the licensee or in the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s possession, custody, or control. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Insruance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-203.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 df \line \line Minnesota: \line \hich\f1 
According to Minn. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  60A.9851: \line Subd. 6. Oversight of third-party service provider arrangements. \line (a) A licensee shall exercise due diligence in selecting its third-party service provider. \line 
(b) A licensee shall require a third-party\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
service provider to implement appropriate administrative, technical, and physical measures to protect and secure the information systems and nonpublic information that are accessible to, or held by, the third-party service provider. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Curr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nt Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Insurance\\Minn. Stat. _ 60A.9851.pdf \line \line South Dakota: \line According to California SB 327: \line 
"adding that passwords and device authentication is necessary from connected devices that collect and store personal information for the \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
anufacturing of security features. However, the bill lacks provisions for third-party vendors and service providers in handling sensitive data on behalf of other entities." \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 aw\\California\\Calif. SB 327.pdf \line \line Illinois: \line 
The regulations outlined in 215 ILCS 215/10 require licensees to design and implement information security programs to mitigate identified risks, including those associated with third-party service providers ha\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
dling sensitive data. Security measures such as access controls, encryption of data, secure development practices, regular testing, and monitoring are mandated to protect nonpublic information. Additionally, procedures for secure disposal of data and prot
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ction against environmental hazards are also highlighted. Overall, the regulations comprehensively address the responsibilities and liabilities of third-party vendors and service providers in handling sensitive data on behalf of other entities. \line 
\line Referenc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_10.pdf \line \line 
The regulations adequately address the responsibilities and liabilities of third-party vendors and service providers that handle sensitive data on behalf of other entities. The laws\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
mandate licensees to exercise due diligence in selecting third-party service providers and to require these providers to implement appropriate administrative, technical, and physical measures to protect and secure the information systems and nonpublic inf
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rmation accessible to or held by them}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid1126331 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid1126331 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000d07c
b5d602deda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}