{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff1\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f52\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f441\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f442\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f444\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f445\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f446\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f447\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f448\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f449\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1263605\rsid1844033\rsid2376706\rsid7824290}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}
{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min47}{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min51}{\version4}{\edmins0}{\nofpages13}{\nofwords4666}{\nofchars26602}{\nofcharsws31206}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot2376706 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid1844033 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q37. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid1844033 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Are there any exemptions or carve-outs in the regulations that could be exploited to avoid compliance or accountability for cybersecurity breaches}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid1844033 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid2376706 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid1844033 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid1844033 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line 5. Arizona \line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 6. Colorado \line 7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island \line 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 
18. Oregon \line 19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. South Carolina \line 23. Indiana\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. Kansas 
\line 28. Arkansas \line 29. Idaho \line 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 40. Alabama 
\line 41. North Dako\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. New Mexico \line 46. Kentucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 
50. Illinois \line \line New Hampshire: \line The response indicates that there are certain exemptions and carve-outs in the regulations that allow lice\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
sees to enter agreements with other parties to fulfill investigation or notice requirements related to cybersecurity events. Additionally, in the case of a cybersecurity event in a system maintained by a third-party service provider, the licensee must tre
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
t the event as specified unless the provider notifies the commissioner. It is also mentioned that an assuming insurer is not obligated to provide additional notice regarding cybersecurity events or data breaches under the specified section or any other st
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 te law. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420-P_6.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420-P_4.pdf 
\line \line Delaware: \line \hich\f1 According to 18 Del. C. \'a7\loch\f1  8606: \line \line No exemptions or carve-outs are mentioned in th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 regulations that could be exploited to avoid compliance or accountability for cybersecurity breaches. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8606.pdf \line \line Virginia: \line 
The response provides details on the regulations relat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
d to cybersecurity requirements for licensees in Virginia, including measures like developing and maintaining information security programs, reporting on compliance status, utilizing third-party service providers with appropriate security measures, and su
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
mitting annual compliance statements to the Commissioner. No specific exemptions or carve-outs that could be exploited to avoid compliance or accountability for cybersecurity breaches are mentioned. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Ins\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rance\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-623.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7
\loch\f1  2.2-3705.2.pdf \line \line New York: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 The regulations in New York State Technology Law \'a7\loch\f1  206 include exemptions that could be exploited to avoid complianc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 or accountability for cybersecurity breaches. These exemptions allow state agencies to collect or disclose personal information for specific purposes related to statutory duties, program operation, court orders, or validation of user identity. Additional
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y, information collected solely for statistical purposes in a non-identifiable form is exempted from compliance requirements. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
New York\\Internet Security and Privacy Act\\_ 206. Exceptions.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rity Law\\New York\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1 
 209.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Government\\\hich\f1 NY CLS Exec \'a7\loch\f1  709.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Internet Security and Privacy Act\\_ 209. Notification o.pdf \line \line Ari
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 z\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ona: \line According to legislation code A.R.S. Title 18, Ch. 5, Art. 4: \line 
There are no specific exemptions or carve-outs mentioned in the information provided regarding compliance or accountability for cybersecurity breaches. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rity Law\\Arizona\\Data Security Breaches\\Article 4 Data Security Breaches.pdf \line \line Colorado: \line According to C.R.S. 6-1-716: \line \line 
1. There are no exemptions or carve-outs in the regulations that could be exploited to avoid compliance or accountability for cybersec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rity breaches. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Consumer Protection Act\\C.R.S. 6-1-716.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\C.R.S. 24-73-103.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Joint Technology Committee\\C.R.
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 . 2-3-1704.pdf \line \line Georgia: \line \hich\f1 Summary: The regulations under O.C.G.A. \'a7\loch\f1 
 38-3-22.2 provide exemptions for certain entities like county, municipal corporations, public corporations, or authorities providing electric or gas services. Reports or records produced\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
are not subject to public inspection. However, agencies or utilities are still obligated to notify affected individuals in case of cybersecurity incidents. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\Military\\
O.C.G.A. _ 38-3-22.2.pdf \line 2) Current C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 bersecurity Law\\Georgia\\State Government\\O.C.G.A. _ 50-14-3.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\State Government\\
O.C.G.A. _ 50-18-72.pdf \line \line Vermont: \line Summary: \line The response outlines exemptions or carve-outs in the regulations under legislation code 8\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1 
 4728 that can be exploited to avoid compliance or accountability for cybersecurity breaches. These include exemptions for licensees with fewer than 20 employees, those already compliant with HIPAA regulations, employees covered by another license
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 's cybersecurity program, and licensees affiliated with financial institutions compliant with Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act standards. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Vermont\\Financial\\\hich\f1 8 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4728.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Cyberse\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urity\\\hich\f1 20 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4662.pdf \line \line Wyoming: \line 
\hich\f1 According to Wyo. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  40-12-502: \line \line There are exemptions in the regulations that could be exploited to avoid compliance or accountability for cybersecurity breaches. One such exemption is stated in subsection (c),
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
where it mentions that certain financial institutions are deemed to be in compliance with the section if they notify affected Wyoming customers in compliance with specific federal regulations. Additionally, in subsection (h), it is mentioned that covered 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ntities or business associates complying with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act are considered compliant with the section, potentially allowing for circumvention of specific notification requirements. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybers\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 curity Law\\Wyoming\\Data Breach Notification\\\hich\f1 Wyo. Stat. -\'ba\loch\f1  40-12-502.pdf \line \line Rhode Island: \line \hich\f1 According to Michigan Compiled Laws 
\'a7\loch\f1  936-204: \line No, the legislation explicitly states that "No person shall drive a motor vehicle upon a highway in this state while t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e motor vehicle contains any visual material that is visible to the operator." This indicates that there are no exemptions or carve-outs that could be exploited to avoid compliance or accountability for cybersecurity breaches. \line \line Reference: 
\line 1) C:\\Users\\Us\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Mich. Comp. Laws _ 936-204.pdf \line \line Nebraska: \line 
I cannot provide assistance without the necessary context. \line \line Nevada: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.82: \line \hich\f1 1. California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 7
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 98.82 requires businesses to implement and maintain reasonable security measures to protect personal information. \line \hich\f1 2. Specifically, subsection (d) of California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 1798.82 outlines certain exemptions for small businesses: \line a. "A small business s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
all be deemed to be in compliance with this section if it follows all of the requirements" specified in the code. \line b. These requirements include not disclosing personal information for business purposes without authorization. \line 
3. However, small businesses\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 are not exempt from implementing reasonable security measures to protect personal information. \line 
4. Therefore, while there are exemptions for small businesses in terms of specific requirements, they are still required to uphold cybersecurity measures as pe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  the legislation. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.82.pdf \line \line Michigan: \line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code: MCLS \'a7
\loch\f1  500.555: \line \line 1) There are no exemptions or carve-o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ts mentioned in the regulations that could be exploited to avoid compliance or accountability for cybersecurity breaches. 
\line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS _ 500.555.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MC\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S _ 500.561.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Government\\MCLS _ 18.230.pdf \line \line Florida: \line Summary: \line 
Florida Statute 119.0725 provides exemptions and carve-outs in regulations that could potentially be exploited to avoid compliance or accountability \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
or cybersecurity breaches. These exemptions include maintaining confidentiality of network schematics, hardware and software configurations, encryption information, and practices related to cybersecurity incidents. Disclosure of such information could lea
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  to unauthorized access or modification of data. The exemptions apply to information held by agencies before, on, or after July 1, 2022. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Government\\Fla. Stat. _ 119.0725.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Florida\\Information Technology\\Fla. Stat. _ 282.318.pdf \line \line Missouri: \line \hich\f1 
According to Calif. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  22760-22761: \line There are no specific exemptions or carve-outs mentioned in the regulations that could be exploited to avoid compliance or accountability fo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  cybersecurity breaches. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Vehicle Code\\Calif. Veh. Code _ 22760-22761.pdf \line \line Wisconsin: 
\line \hich\f1 According to Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952: \line (9) Exemptions. \line (a) This section \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 oes not apply to a licensee who meets any of the following criteria: \line 
1. Has less than $10,000,000 in year-end total assets. \line 2. Has less than $5,000,000 in gross annual revenue. \line 3. Has fewer than 50 employees, including independent contractors, who work\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 at least 30 hours a week for the licensee. \line (b) A licensee who ceases to qualify for the exemption under par. (a) shall comply with this section no later than 180 days after the date the licensee ceases to qualify. 
\line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 aw\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952.pdf \line \line Tennessee: \line \hich\f1 
According to Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004: \line \line There are no explicit exemptions or carve-outs in the regulations that could be exploited to avoid compliance or accountability for cybersecurity bre\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ches. The legislation emphasizes the comprehensive development, implementation, and maintenance of an information security program based on risk assessment, including safeguarding nonpublic information and the licensee's information system, conducting ris
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 k\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 assessments, and establishing incident response plans. These measures aim to ensure protection against threats, unauthorized access, and the destruction of nonpublic information. Additionally, there are requirements for annual reporting, monitoring, and 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 djustments to the information security program. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004.pdf \line 
\line Oregon: \line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555: \line \line 1) Potential carve-outs or exemptions that could be \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
xploited to avoid compliance or accountability for cybersecurity breaches are not specifically mentioned in the legislation text provided. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 ORS \'a7
\loch\f1  276A.555.pdf \line \line Connecticut: \line Summary\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  The provided response outlines exemptions and carve-outs in the regulations (Conn. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 38a-38) that could be utilized to evade compliance or accountability for cybersecurity breaches. These exemptions include certain conditions regarding the num\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
er of employees, compliance with specific regulations like the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, and information security program standards. Employees, agents, representatives, or designees of licensees who are also licensees th
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 mselves are exempt from developing their own information security programs. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Insurance\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 38a-38.pdf 
\line \line Mississippi: \line \hich\f1 According to Miss. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  83-5-807: \line Based on the information \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rovided, there are no exemptions or carve-outs in the regulations that could be exploited to avoid compliance or accountability for cybersecurity breaches. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Insurance\\
Miss. Code Ann. __ 83-5-807.pdf \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Government\\Miss. Code Ann. _ 25-53-201.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line \hich\f1 
According to Legislation code: 18 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f1  2070: \line \line 1. A covered entity may only seek an affirmative defense under this act if the following conditions are me\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 : \line 
1.1 A covered entity shall create, maintain, and comply, including documentation of such compliance, with a written cybersecurity program. \line 
1.2 A covered entity's cybersecurity program shall be designed to protect the security and confidentiality of th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  information and to protect against unauthorized access. \line 
1.3 The scale and scope of a covered entity's cybersecurity program is appropriate based on various factors. \line 1.4 The cybersecurity program shall be reviewed, evaluated, and updated on an annual ba\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 is. \line \line 2. A covered entity that satisfies the above criteria is entitled to an affirmative defense to any cause of action sounding in tort related to data breaches. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oklahoma\\Hospital Cybersecurity Protection Act\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 8 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f1  2070.pdf \line \line South Carolina: \line \hich\f1 
According to S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20: \line There are no exemptions or carve-outs in the regulations that could be exploited to avoid compliance or accountability for cybersecurity breaches. \line \line References: \line 1) Current 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20.pdf \line \line Indiana: \line \hich\f1 According to Burns Ind. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 27 -2-27-21: \line \line 1. There are no exemptions or carve-outs in the regulations that could be exploited to avoid compliance or accountabilit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  for cybersecurity breaches. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Insurance\\Burns Ind. Code Ann. _ 27-2-27-21.pdf \line \line Utah: \line \hich\f1 According to Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  78B-4-703: \line 
No, there are no exemptions or carve-outs in the regulations that could be \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 xploited to avoid compliance or accountability for cybersecurity breaches. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Cybersecurity Affirmative Defense Act\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  78B-4-703.pdf \line \line West Virginia: \line \hich\f1 According to W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-5: \line Any inf
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rmation, including, but not limited to, cyber risk assessments, plans of action and milestones, remediation plans, or information indicating the cyber threat, vulnerability, information or data that may identify or expose potential impacts or risk to agen
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ies or to the state or that could threaten the technology infrastructure critical to government operations and services, public safety or health is exempt from \'a7\loch\f1 
29B -1-1 et seq. of this code. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Gover\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ment\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-5.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Education\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  18-2-5h.pdf \line \line Maryland: \line 
The regulations provide an exemption for carriers not domiciled in the State if they meet specific criteria, including being subjec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 to a similar law in another jurisdiction, filing a certification with their domestic regulator, and meeting certain requirements. Exemptions could potentially be exploited to avoid compliance or accountability for cybersecurity breaches. \line \line 
References: \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Insurance\\Md. Insurance Code Ann. _ 33-103.pdf \line \line Kansas: \line \hich\f1 According to K.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  75-7240: 
\line \line There are no exemptions or carve-outs in the regulations that could be exploited to avoid compliance or accountability for cybe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 security breaches. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\K.S.A. _ 75-7240.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Communication\\K.S.A. _ 45-217.pdf \line \line Arkansas: \line According to the Michigan Transportation Code Sec. 257.951: \line 1. "The 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 epartment shall evaluate new technologies or platforms for cybersecurity vulnerabilities before using those technologies or platforms in a transportation system." \line 
2. "The department shall designate qualified cybersecurity personnel to carry out the dutie\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  required under this section." \line 
3. "The department shall establish cybersecurity performance measures for transportation systems that address the specific cyber risks to those systems." \line 4. "Notwithstanding other provisions of this section, the department
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
may enter into an agreement with a local road agency for the evaluation of transportation system cybersecurity vulnerabilities or the establishment of cybersecurity performance measures for a transportation system." \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\
Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Transportation\\Mich. Comp. Laws _ 257.951.pdf \line \line Idaho: \line According to California Senate Bill No. 327: \line 
1. Covered devices shall be equipped with a reasonable security feature or features. \line 2. "Reasona\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
le security feature" means a feature designed to protect a device from unauthorized access, use, destruction, or disclosure. \line 3. "Covered device" means any device that is capable of connecting to the internet and has an IP or Bluetooth address. 
\line 4. There \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 re no exemptions or carve-outs in the regulations that could be exploited to avoid compliance or accountability for cybersecurity breaches. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\
Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Cal. Sen. Bill No.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  327.pdf \line \line North Carolina: \line \hich\f1 According to N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1379: \line 
1) Military personnel with a valid secret security clearance or a favorable Tier 3 security clearance investigation are exempt from the criminal background report requirement for liais\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ns in the information technology area. \line 2) Criminal histories provided pursuant to the subdivision are not public records under Chapter 132 of the General Statutes. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\
Information Technology\\N.C. Gen.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1379.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1350.pdf \line \line 
Texas: \line Summary: \line Tex. Gov\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 \hich\f1 t Code \'a7\loch\f1  411.084 outlines that criminal history record information from the FBI can only be disclosed t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 authorized entities or as permitted by federal regulations. Private entities purchasing information are exempt from providing cyber-threat insurance coverage or a performance bond if they meet specific cybersecurity criteria, such as implementing NIST st
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ndards, holding PCI DSS certification, or complying with cybersecurity standards by recognized accounting organizations. \line \line References: \line 1. C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\Tex. Gov\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 \hich\f1 t Code \'a7\loch\f1  411.084.pdf \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2. Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7
\loch\f1  2054.5191.pdf \line 3. Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2054.52009.pdf \line \line California: \line I am sorry, but I cannot provide an answer as there is no relevant context provided to address
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 the question on exemptions or carve-outs in regulations regarding cybersecurity breaches. \line \line Montana: \line According to Legislation code: 30-14-1734, MCA: \line 
1) There are exemptions listed in the regulations that could potentially be exploited to avoid complianc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 or accountability for cybersecurity breaches. These exemptions include entities exempt from placing a security freeze on a credit report, such as check services companies, fraud prevention services companies, and consumer reporting agencies acting as res
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 llers of credit information. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Montana\\Identity Theft\\30-14-1734 Exceptions _ exemptions.pdf (Context 1 & Context 2) \line \line 
Massachusetts: \line \hich\f1 According to ALM GL ch. 93H, \'a7\loch\f1  2: \line There are no exemptions or carve-outs menti\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ned in the regulations that could be exploited to avoid compliance or accountability for cybersecurity breaches. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 2.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Busines\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 3.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Government\\ALM GL ch. 4, _ 7.pdf \line \line Iowa: \line 
\hich\f1 According to Iowa Code \'a7\loch\f1  554G.3: \line There are no exemptions or carve-outs in the regulations that could be exploited to avoid compliance or accoun\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ability for cybersecurity breaches. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Commerce\\Iowa Code _ 554G.3.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Commerce\\Iowa Code _ 554G.2.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\
Commerce\\Iowa Code _ 554G.3.pdf \line 4) \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urrent Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Insurance\\Iowa Code _ 507F.4.pdf \line \line New Jersey: \line \hich\f1 
Summary: The regulations outlined in N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  58:31-4.1 do not mention any exemptions or carve-outs that could be exploited to avoid compliance or accountability for cyberse\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
urity breaches. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Utilities\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  58_31-4.1.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Utilities\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  58_31-4.pdf 
\line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Utilities\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  58_31-4.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  52_17B-193.3.pdf \line 
\line Washington: \line Summary: \line The response indicates that there are no exemptions or carve-outs in the regulations that could be exploited to avoid compliance or accountabi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
ity for cybersecurity breaches under Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  42.56.425, except as prohibited from disclosure under RCW 29A.12.200. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 
Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  42.56.425.pdf \line 2) Current Cybers\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 curity Law\\Washington\\Business\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  19.255.010.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450(2).p
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f \line \line Louisiana: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 The regulations under La. R.S. \'a7\loch\f1 
 22:2504 provide exemptions for licensees meeting certain criteria, such as having fewer than twenty-five employees, less than five million dollars in gross annual revenue, or being subject to spec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
fic cybersecurity regulations like the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act. However, if a licensee no longer qualifies for an exemption, they must comply with the cybersecurity provisions within one hundred eighty days. Additionally, licen
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ees subject to R.S. 51:3076 are exempt from certain provisions if they notify affected consumers and the commissioner of cybersecurity events in accordance with the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act requirements. \line \line Reference: \line 
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Ins\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rance\\La. R.S. _ 22_2504.pdf \line \line Maine: \line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code 24-A M.R.S. \'a7\loch\f1 
 2264, there are no exemptions or carve-outs in the regulations that could be exploited to avoid compliance or accountability for cybersecurity breaches. \line \line References: \line 1) C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rrent Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2265.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2266.pdf \line \line Alabama: \line 
Summary: The response outlines that violat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ons of the notification provisions under the Alabama Data Breach Notification Act may result in civil penalties, enforced by the Attorney General. Entities knowingly violating these provisions could face penalties not exceeding $500,000 per breach. Howeve
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 , government entities are exempt from civil penalties under this chapter. \line \line Reference: Current Cybersecurity Law\\Alabama\\Data Breach Notification Act\\Files(12).pdf \line \line 
North Dakota: \line \hich\f1 Summary: The regulations under N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-03 do not cont\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
in any exemptions or carve-outs that could be exploited to avoid compliance or accountability for cybersecurity breaches. The legislation sets forth comprehensive requirements for licensees, including the development and maintenance of information securit
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 programs to protect nonpublic information and information systems. Various factors such as risk assessment, safeguards, employee training, incident response plans, and system monitoring are emphasized. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Da\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 k\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ota\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-03.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Government\\\hich\f1 
N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  44-04-18.4.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-05.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity La\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\\
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 North Dakota\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  44-04-24.pdf \line \line Alaska: \line \hich\f1 According to Calif. Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.91.04: \line 
a. A business shall not be required to provide access to personal information if compliance would impede a business\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s primary functions or ca\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
abilities as determined by reasonable security measures. \line b. A business shall not be required to retain any personal information if that information is necessary in order to provide goods or services requested by the consumer. \line 
c. A business shall be in v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 olation of this title only if the business fails to cure any alleged noncompliance within 30 days after being notified of alleged noncompliance. \line 
d. A consumer shall provide a business with a notice identifying specific provisions of this title the consum\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
r alleges have been violated, including the facts supporting the alleged violation. \line \line References: \line 1) California Civil Code - Division 3. - Obligations [3274 - 9566] \line \line Ohio: \line Summary: \line \line 
The regulations include exemptions for licensees meeting specific cri\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
eria such as having fewer than twenty employees, less than five million dollars in gross annual revenue, or less than ten million dollars in assets. Licensees compliant with 45 C.F.R. Parts 160 and 164 privacy and security rules are considered to meet req
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
irements, except for notification obligations. Employees or agents covered by another licensee's information security program are exempt from developing their own. If a licensee no longer qualifies for an exemption, they have 180 days to comply. \line 
\line Referen\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 es: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\ORC Ann. 3965.07.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Commercial Transactions\\ORC Ann. 1354.02.pdf \line \line 
Pennsylvania: \line \hich\f1 The response outlines exemptions in regulations under 40 Pa.C.S. \'a7\loch\f1  4532 that could allow\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
certain licensees to be exempt from specific cybersecurity compliance requirements based on criteria related to the number of employees, gross revenue, total assets, adherence to federal laws, and being covered by another licensee's information security p
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ogram. Licensees must comply with the regulations within 180 days if they no longer qualify for an exemption. \line \line Reference: [Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\\hich\f1 
40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1  4532.pdf](static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1  4532.pdf\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 )\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line New Mexico: \line Summary: \line 
The regulations provide exemptions to the Data Breach Notification Act for entities subject to the federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act or the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996. \line \line References: \line 1) Curre
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Data Breach Notification Act\\57-12C-8. Exemptions.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Data Breach Notification Act\\
57-12C-12. State of New Mexico and political subdivisions exempted.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 New Mexico\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  9-27A-3.pdf \line \line Kentucky: \line 
\hich\f1 Summary: In Kentucky, under KRS \'a7\loch\f1  304.3-756, employees, agents, representatives, or designees of a licensee who are also licensees themselves are exempt from developing their own\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 information security program if they are covered by the information security program of another licensee. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Insurance\\KRS _ 304.3-756.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Insurance\\KRS _ 304.3-760.p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Finance\\KRS _ 292.336.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\
Insurance\\KRS _ 304.3-756.pdf \line \line Hawaii: \line \hich\f1 According to HRS \'a7\loch\f1  431:3B -203: \line \line 1) The regulations do not provide exemptions or carve-outs that could be e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 x
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ploited to avoid compliance or accountability for cybersecurity breaches. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Insurance Data Security Law\\
HRS _ 431_3B-203.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line According to Minn. Stat.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'a7\loch\f1  60A.9851: \line \line 
Subdivision 1. Implementation of an information security program. -- Each licensee shall develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive written information security program based on the licensee's risk assessment and that contains administ
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ative, technical, and physical safeguards for the protection of nonpublic information and the licensee's information system. \line \line 
Subdivision 9. Annual certification to commissioner. -- Each insurer shall certify in writing to the commissioner that the insur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
r is in compliance with the requirements set forth in this section. Each insurer shall maintain all records, schedules, and data supporting this certificate for a period of five years and shall permit examination by the commissioner. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Cur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ent Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Insurance\\Minn. Stat. _ 60A.9851.pdf \line \line South Dakota: \line 
Summary: The response highlights exemptions in the South Dakota regulations that could be exploited to avoid compliance or accountability for cybersecurity breaches, suc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 as protection of personal or public property information, including vulnerability assessments, emergency management, public safety details, cybersecurity plans, guard schedules, lock combinations, and infrastructure records. \line \line References: 
\line 1) Current Cyb\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rsecurity Law\\South Dakota\\Government\\\hich\f1 S.D. Codified Laws \'a7\loch\f1  1-27-1.5.pdf \line \line Illinois: \line Based on Code: 215 ILCS 215/10: \line \line 
There are no exemptions or carve-outs in the regulations that could be exploited to avoid compliance or accountability for cybersecurity\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 breaches. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_10.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_20.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Information Technology\\5 ILCS 140_7.pdf \line 4) Current Cy
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_15.pdf \line \line 
Based on the provided contexts, exemptions or carve-outs in the regulations that could be exploited to avoid compliance or accountability for cybersecurity breaches are mentioned in various legislati\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e codes. These exemptions include criteria such as having fewer than twenty employees, less than five million dollars in gross annual revenue, less than ten million dollars in assets, compliance with specific federal regulations like the Health Insurance 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 P\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ortability and Accountability Act, and affiliation with financial institutions compliant with Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act standards. Entities subject to federal laws like the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act or the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
996 are also exempt from specific cybersecurity compliance requirements. In certain instances, employees, agents, representatives, or designees of licensees covered by another licensee's information security program may be exempt from developing their own
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cybersecurity programs}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid1844033 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid1844033 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000e0db
8de902deda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}