{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff1\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f52\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f441\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f442\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f444\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f445\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f446\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f447\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f448\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f449\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1263605\rsid2376706\rsid5272763\rsid7824290}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}
{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min47}{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min52}{\version4}{\edmins1}{\nofpages12}{\nofwords4369}{\nofchars24904}{\nofcharsws29215}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot2376706 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5272763 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q38. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid5272763 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Do the regulations provide sufficient guidance on encryption standards, data encryption requirements, and secure data storage practices}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid5272763 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid2376706 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid5272763 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid5272763 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid5272763 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. Ohio \line 2. North Carolina \line 3. Connecticut \line 4. California \line 5. South Dakota \line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 6. Alaska \line 7. Nebraska \line 8. New Hampshire \line 9. Tennessee \line 10. Illinois \line 11. Idaho \line 12. Montana \line 13. Rhode Island \line 14. Indiana \line 15. Vermont \line 16. Minnesota \line 17. Colorado 
\line 18. Nevada \line 19. Alabama \line 20. North Dakota \line 21. Hawaii \line 22. New York \line 23. Texas \line 24. Wisc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nsin \line 25. Oklahoma \line 26. Iowa \line 27. Oregon \line 
28. Delaware \line 29. Maryland \line 30. Utah \line 31. Missouri \line 32. Wyoming \line 33. Kansas \line 34. South Carolina \line 35. Maine \line 36. Pennsylvania \line 37. Michigan \line 38. Virginia \line 39. New Mexico \line 40. Washington \line 
41. West Virginia \line 42. Kent\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cky \line 43. Arkansas \line 44. New Jersey \line 45. Massachusetts \line 46. Arizona \line 47. Louisiana \line 48. Mississippi \line 49. Georgia \line 
50. Florida \line \line Ohio: \line According to Legislation code ORC Ann. 3965.02: \line Key Points: \line - Paragraph (D)(2)(d) states, "Protect by encryption or othe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 appropriate means all nonpublic information while such information is being transmitted over an external network and all nonpublic information stored on a laptop computer or other portable computing or storage device or media." \line 
- Paragraph (D)(2)(h) men\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ions, "Implement measures to protect against destruction, loss, or damage of nonpublic information due to environmental hazards, such as fire and water damage or other catastrophes or technological failures." \line 
- Paragraph (I)(1) specifies, "A licensee sha\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
l submit to the superintendent of insurance a written statement certifying that the insurer is in compliance with the requirements set forth in this section." \line 
- Paragraph (I)(2) adds, "An insurer licensed exclusively to conduct business in this state sha\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l submit a written statement certifying compliance as part of the insurer\hich\f1 \rquote 
\loch\f1 s corporate governance annual disclosure required by section 3901.073 of the Revised Code." \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\ORC Ann. 3965.02.pdf \line \line North C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rolina: \line 
I'm sorry, I don't have the specific context or information needed to answer your question about regulations providing guidance on encryption standards, data encryption requirements, and secure data storage practices. If you can provide me with t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e relevant details from the legislation or regulatory documents, I'd be happy to help answer your question. \line \line Connecticut: \line \hich\f1 According to Conn. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 42-901: \line The regulations provide guidance on encryption standards through the industry recognized c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
bersecurity frameworks, including the "ISO/IEC 27000-series" information security standards, the "Framework for Improving Critical Infrastructure Cybersecurity" by the National Institute of Standards and Technology, and the "Payment Card Industry Data Sec
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rity Standard." These frameworks ensure that covered entities implement encryption methods for secure data storage practices and data encryption requirements. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Business Practices\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 42-\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 901.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Insurance\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 38a-38.pdf \line \line California: \line 
I am sorry, but you haven't provided any context for me to extract the information from. Could you please provide the necessary context for me to answ\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r your question accurately? \line \line 
South Dakota: \line I'm sorry, but I cannot provide an answer as the context for the question is missing. Please provide me with the necessary information so I can assist you effectively. \line \line Alaska: \line I'm sorry, but I can only provi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e assistance with Transportation Cybersecurity Legislations. If you have any questions related to that topic, feel free to ask! \line \line Nebraska: \line I cannot assist with that question. 
\line \line New Hampshire: \line The response outlines various security measures that need to\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
be implemented by licensees to manage risks related to cybersecurity. These measures include placing access controls on information systems, restricting physical access to nonpublic information, protecting data through encryption, adopting secure developm
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nt practices, utilizing effective controls like multi-factor authentication, testing and monitoring systems regularly, including audit trails, implementing measures to protect against environmental hazards, and developing procedures for secure disposal of
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 information. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420-P_4.pdf \line \line Tennessee: \line \hich\f1 
The regulations outlined in Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004 provide guidance on encryption standards, data encryption requirements, and secure data \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
torage practices. It requires licensees to implement security measures such as access controls, encryption of nonpublic information during transmission and storage, and secure disposal procedures. Additionally, licensees are required to establish a writte
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  incident response plan to address cybersecurity events. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004.pdf 
\line \line Illinois: \line The response from Legislation code 215 ILCS 215/10 outlines guidance for encryption stand\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rds, data encryption requirements, and secure data storage practices. It emphasizes protecting nonpublic information, implementing encryption for data transmission and storage, and adapting the security program based on risk assessments and technological 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 hanges. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_10.pdf \line \line Idaho: \line 
I'm sorry, but I do not have sufficient information to answer the specific question regarding encryption standards, data encryption requirements, and secu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e data storage practices in relation to the transportation cybersecurity legislations. If you provide me with more details or context related to this topic, I would be happy to assist you further. \line \line References: \line \line Montana: \line 
I am sorry, but I couldn't find \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ny context information to answer your question. If you provide me with the necessary context related to regulations on encryption standards, data encryption requirements, and secure data storage practices, I would be happy to assist you with answering the
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 question. \line \line Rhode Island: \line 
I currently do not have the necessary information to answer your question. If you provide me with the relevant context or legislation, I will be able to assist you further. \line \line Indiana: \line I'm sorry, I was not able to extract any co
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 text or information that could be used to answer the question. Could you please provide me with the required information? \line \line Vermont: \line \hich\f1 According to 8 V.S.A. \'a7
\loch\f1  4728: \line The regulations provide guidance on encryption standards, data encryption requirements, an\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  secure data storage practices. \line \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Financial\\\hich\f1 8 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4728.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line \hich\f1 According to Minn. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  60A.9851: \line Subd. 4. Risk management. \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 
 Based on its risk assessment, the licensee shall: \line (2) deter\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ine which of the following security measures are appropriate and implement any appropriate security measures: \line 
(i) place access controls on information systems, including controls to authenticate and permit access only to authorized individuals, to protec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 against the unauthorized acquisition of nonpublic information; \line 
(iv) protect, by encryption or other appropriate means, all nonpublic information while being transmitted over an external network and all nonpublic information stored on a laptop computer o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 other portable computing or storage device or media; \line (xi) develop, implement, and maintain procedures for the secure disposal of nonpublic information in any format. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app
\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 M\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 innesota\\Insurance\\Minn. Stat. _60A.9851.pdf \line \line Colorado: \line According to C.R.S. 2-3-1704: \line 
(6.5) The committee may request information and presentations from state agencies regarding data privacy and cybersecurity within state agencies and may coordinate wi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
h the Colorado cybersecurity council created in section 24 -33.5-1902. In addition, the committee may consider: \line 
(a) Whether state agencies are collecting or retaining data that exceeds what is necessary and appropriate for such agencies to perform their \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 unctions; \line 
(b) Who has access to data, the extent of such access, and appropriate mechanisms to protect sensitive data; and \line (c) Measures to protect data against unauthorized access, disclosure, use, modification, or destruction. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Joint Technology Committee\\C.R.S. 2-3-1704.pdf \line \line Nevada: \line 
I'm sorry, but you didn't provide any specific context to extract information from. Please provide the necessary context for me to answer your question effectively. \line \line Ala\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ama: \line 
I'm sorry, I need the specific context information to provide an accurate answer. \line \line North Dakota: \line Summary of the response provided: \line \line \hich\f1 The regulations outlined in N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1 
 26.1-02.2-03 specify that the licensee must design an information s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
curity program based on a risk assessment to mitigate identified risks. This program should include access controls on information systems, encryption of nonpublic information during transmission and storage on portable devices, and restriction of physica
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  access to authorized individuals. It is important for the licensee to implement appropriate security measures based on the size, complexity, and nature of their operations. \line \line 
Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Insurance\\N.D. Cent. Code,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-03.pdf \line \line Hawaii: \line \hich\f1 According to HRS \'a7\loch\f1  431:3B-203: \line 
1. The licensee shall "... Protect by encryption or other appropriate means, all nonpublic information while being transmitted over an external network and all nonpublic information stored on \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 laptop computer or other portable computing or storage device or media." \line 2. The licensee shall also "... Develop, implement, and maintain procedures for the secure disposal of nonpublic information in any format." \line \line References: \line 
1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Insurance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-203.pdf \line \line New York: \line \hich\f1 According to NY CLS Educ \'a7\loch\f1  2 -d: 
\line \line 5. Data security and privacy standards. \line b. The standards for data security and privacy policies shall i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 clude, but not be limited to: \line 
(1) data privacy protections, including criteria for determining whether a proposed use of personally identifiable information would benefit students and educational agencies, and processes to ensure that personally identifi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ble information is not included in public reports or other public documents; \line 
(2) data security protections, including data systems monitoring, data encryption, incident response plans, limitations on access to personally identifiable information, safegua\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ds to ensure personally identifiable information is not accessed by unauthorized persons when transmitted over communication networks, and destruction of personally identifiable information when no longer needed. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity La\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 New York\\Education\\\hich\f1 NY CLS Educ \'a7\loch\f1  2-d.pdf \line \line Texas: \line \hich\f1 According to Tex. Gov't Code \'a7\loch\f1  411.084: \line \line 
Paragraph (d) states: "Notwithstanding any other provision of this subchapter, a private entity that purchases information from the department is not required to\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
provide proof of cyber-threat insurance coverage or post a performance bond if that entity: (1) provides proof of an audit by a certified public accountant certifying that the requestor has implemented internal controls and security protocols that are con
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
istent with the National Institute of Standards and Technology standards for cybersecurity and approved by the Department of Information Resources or an IT cybersecurity professional certified by the National Institute of Standards and Technology or a sim
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
lar organization; (2) provides proof of Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) certification or certification by a similar organization recognized by the Department of Information Resources; or (3) provides proof of compliance with volunta
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y compliance standards for cybersecurity developed by a national organization of certified public accountants for the management of customer data, including SOC 1, SOC 2, or SOC." \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\Tex. Govt Code\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'a7\loch\f1  411.084.pdf \line \line Wisconsin: \line \hich\f1 According to Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952: 
\line \line 1. The regulations address encryption and secure data storage practices through the following measures: \line (b) Implement the following security measures, as appropriate: \line 4. Protect, by encryp\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ion or other means, nonpublic information being transmitted over an external network and nonpublic information stored on a portable computer or storage device or media. \line 
5. Adopt secure development practices for applications that are developed in-house an\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  utilized by the licensee. \line 
10. Implement measures to protect against the destruction, loss, or damage of nonpublic information due to environmental hazards, natural and other disasters, and technological failures. \line 11. Develop, implement, and maintain pr
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ctices for the secure disposal of nonpublic information in all formats. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 601.952.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line I'm sorry, but I do not have any information regarding regulations on encryption \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tandards, data encryption requirements, and secure data storage practices in the provided context. If you have specific legislation or guidelines related to transportation cybersecurity, please provide them, and I can assist you further. \line \line 
References: \line \line I\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 wa: \line \hich\f1 According to Iowa Code \'a7\loch\f1  554G.3: \line \line 
1. The cybersecurity program must reasonably comply with the payment card industry data security standard and conform to another applicable industry-recognized cybersecurity framework. \line 2. When a final revision to t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e payment card industry data security standard is published, the covered entity must comply with the revised standard within the provided time frame. \line 
3. If a covered entity's cybersecurity program reasonably conforms to multiple industry-recognized cyber\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ecurity frameworks and those frameworks are revised, the entity must conform to all revised frameworks within a year after the latest publication date stated in the revisions. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Commerce\\
Iowa Code _ 554G.3.pd\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Insurance\\Iowa Code _ 507F.4.pdf \line \line Oregon: \line 
I'm sorry, but the provided context does not contain any information about the regulations providing guidance on encryption standards, data encryption requirements, and secure\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
data storage practices. If you have any other specific information or if you would like to inquire about a different aspect related to transportation cybersecurity legislations, please let me know. \line \line References: \line \line Delaware: \line 
\hich\f1 According to 18 Del. C. \'a7\loch\f1  8604\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line 
Based on the regulations provided, the legislation does indeed offer guidance on encryption standards, data encryption requirements, and secure data storage practices. The guidance includes provisions such as: \line \line 
1. Implementing measures to protect by e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
cryption or other appropriate means all nonpublic information while transmitted over an external network and while stored on portable devices (paragraph (d)(2)d). \line 
2. Requiring the adoption of secure development practices for in-house developed applicatio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s and procedures for assessing externally developed applications' security (paragraph (d)(2)e). 
\line 3. Including audit controls within the information security program to detect and respond to cybersecurity events and support normal operations financially (p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ragraph (d)(2)i). \line 
4. Developing, implementing, and maintaining procedures for the secure disposal of nonpublic information in any format (paragraph (d)(2)k). \line \line These provisions show a comprehensive approach to ensuring data security through encryption st
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ndards, data encryption requirements, and secure data storage practices. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8604.pdf \line \line 
Maryland: \line \hich\f1 According to Md. Insurance Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  33-103: \line 1. The information security program \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
hall protect against unauthorized access to or use of nonpublic information and minimize the likelihood of harm to a consumer (b.3). \line 
2. The carrier shall protect all nonpublic information by encryption or other appropriate means during transmission over \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n external network (d.2.iv.1). \line 
3. The carrier shall implement measures to protect against destruction, loss, or damage of nonpublic information due to environmental hazards such as fire and water damage (d.2.x). \line 4. The carrier shall use multifactor auth
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ntication procedures for individuals accessing nonpublic information (d.2.vii). \line 
5. The carrier shall develop, implement, and maintain procedures for the secure disposal of nonpublic information in any format (d.2.xi). \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ty Law\\Maryland\\Insurance\\Md. Insurance Code Ann. _ 33-103.pdf \line \line Utah: \line 
The regulations mentioned in the response provide detailed guidance on cybersecurity program components, risk assessments, and conformity to recognized frameworks. However, they do no\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 explicitly address encryption standards, data encryption requirements, or secure data storage practices. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Cybersecurity Affirmative Defense Act\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 78B-4-703.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\U\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-16-214.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 
Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-19-401.pdf \line \line Missouri: \line I am sorry, I do not have any relevant information based on the contexts provided. \line \line Wyoming: \line I cannot find any relev\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nt information in the provided contexts to answer the question regarding regulations providing guidance on encryption standards, data encryption requirements, and secure data storage practices. References: N/A \line \line 
Kansas: \line According to Legislation code K.S.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 . \'a7\loch\f1  75 -7240: \line (a) The executive branch agency heads shall: \line 
1) Be solely responsible for security of all data and information technology resources under such agency\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s purview, irrespective of the location of the data or resources. \line 5) Implement policies \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nd standards to ensure that all the agency\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s data and information technology resources are maintained in compliance with applicable state and federal laws and rules and regulations. \line 
6) Implement appropriate cost-effective safeguards to reduce, eliminate \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r recover from identified threats to data and information technology resources. \line 
8) Include all appropriate cybersecurity requirements in the agency\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s request for proposal specifications for procuring data and information technology systems and services. \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
(b) The director or head of each state agency shall: \line (2) Ensure that all information technology login credentials are disabled the same day that any employee ends their employment with the state. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Govern\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ent\\K.S.A. _ 75-7240.pdf \line \line South Carolina: \line \hich\f1 According to S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20: \line 
(D) Based on its risk assessment, the licensee shall: \line (2) determine the appropriateness of and implement the following security measures: \line (d) protecting by encryption o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 other appropriate means, all nonpublic information while being transmitted over an external network and all nonpublic information stored on a laptop computer or other portable computing or storage device or media. \line \line References: \line 
1. Current Cybersecurity \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 aw\\South Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20.pdf \line \line Maine: \line \hich\f1 
According to Maine Revised Statutes Annotated by LexisNexis Title 24-A, Maine Insurance Code, Chapter 24-B, \'a7\loch\f1  2264: \line \line 5. Oversight by board of directors. If a licensee has a board of dire\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tors, the board or an appropriate committee of the board shall require the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s executive management or the executive management\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s delegates to: Develop, implement and maintain the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s information security program; and Report to the board in \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
riting at least annually the overall status of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s information security program and compliance with the chapter, material matters related to the information security program, including risk assessment, risk management, control decisions, 3rd-pa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ty service provider arrangements, results of testing, cybersecurity events or violations, executive management\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s responses to cyberevents or violations, and recommendations for changes to the information security program. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cyberse\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\
24-A M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf \line \line Pennsylvania: \line \hich\f1 The regulations, as outlined in Pennsylvania Statutes Annotated by LexisNexis, Title 73, Trade and Commerce, Chapter 43, Breach of Personal Information Notification Act, \'a7\loch\f1 
 2305a, require en\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ities handling personal information for the Commonwealth to use encryption or other security measures to protect data transmission over the Internet. The regulations include the development of a policy for encryption and data transmission, with considerat
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ons for federal policies and best practices. These regulations provide guidance on encryption standards, data encryption requirements, and secure data storage practices. \line \line 
References: \line 1) [Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\_ 2305a. Encryption require\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 .pdf](static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\_ 2305a. Encryption required.pdf) \line 
2) [Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1  4513.pdf](static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1  4513.pdf) \line \line Michigan: \line According to MCLS 
\loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'a7\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  500.555: \line 1) The regulations provide sufficient guidance on encryption standards, data encryption requirements, and secure data storage practices. \line 
2) The licensee's information security program must be designed to: \line (a) Protect the security and confiden\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 iality of nonpublic information and the security of the information system. 
\line (b) Protect against any threats or hazards to the security or integrity of nonpublic information and the information system. \line (c) Protect against unauthorized access to or use of\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nonpublic information, and minimize the likelihood of harm to any consumer. \line 
(d) Maintain policies and procedures for the secure disposal on a periodic basis of any nonpublic information that is no longer necessary for business operations or for other leg\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
timate business purposes. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS _ 500.555.pdf \line \line Virginia: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 38.2-623 outlines regulations for licensees' information security programs, requiring safeguards for nonpubl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
c information and the information system, access controls, cybersecurity awareness training, third-party service provider diligence, incident response plans, compliance reporting, and annual certifications of compliance for insurers domiciled in Virginia.
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-623.pdf \line \line New Mexico: \line 
I'm sorry, but I cannot provide an answer without the specific context or information related to transportation cybersecurity legislations. Please pr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
vide the necessary context for me to generate an accurate response. \line \line Washington: \line \hich\f1 According to Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  71.24.898: \line \line (6) Cybersecurity requirements and how to meet these; \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Public Safet\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  71.24.898.pdf \line \line West Virginia: \line \hich\f1 
According to W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  18-2-5h: \line 1) The regulations provide guidance on encryption standards and data encryption requirements under part (4): \line (A) Guidelines for the student data system and for\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 individual student data including guidelines for authentication of authorized access; \line 
(F) Data security policies including electronic, physical, and administrative safeguards, such as data encryption and training of employees. \line 2) Additionally, secure da\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
a storage practices are addressed in the part (4): \line (E) Data retention and disposition policies. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Education\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  18-2-5h.pdf \line \line 
Kentucky: \line \hich\f1 According to KRS \'a7\loch\f1  292.336: \line 1) The policies and pr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
cedures of every investment adviser shall be tailored to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of physical and electronic records and information, protecting against threats, safeguarding confidential information, and covering functions 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ncluding identification, protection, detection, response, and recovery. \line 
2) Investment advisers are required to annually review their physical security and cybersecurity policies to ensure adequacy and effectiveness, with documented reviews maintained for\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
three years. \line 
3) Every investment adviser must establish written procedures relating to a business continuity and succession plan, providing for protection, backup, recovery of records, communication methods in case of interruptions, office relocation pla
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s, and assignment of duties in case of key personnel unavailability, aimed at minimizing service disruptions and client harm from business interruptions. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Finance\\KRS _ 292.336.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ty Law\\Kentucky\\Insurance\\KRS _ 304.3-756.pdf \line \line Arkansas: \line 
I'm sorry, but it appears that the provided context and question do not contain specific information or references related to encryption standards, data encryption requirements, and secure data st\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rage practices within transportation cybersecurity legislations. If you have any other specific contexts or questions, please feel free to provide them for further assistance. \line \line References: \line \line New Jersey: 
\line I'm sorry, but I do not have the specific informat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
on needed to answer the question about encryption standards, data encryption requirements, and secure data storage practices in transportation cybersecurity legislations at the moment. If you have any other questions or need assistance on a different topi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  related to transportation cybersecurity legislations, feel free to ask. \line \line Massachusetts: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 The regulations outlined in ALM GL ch. 93H, \'a7\loch\f1 
 2 aim to safeguard personal information of Massachusetts residents by adhering to federal standards, ensurin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 security, confidentiality, and protection against threats. Consideration is given to the size and resources of businesses, amount of stored data, and the need for security of consumer and employee information. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 M\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 assachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 2.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 1.pdf \line \line Arizona: \line 
I'm sorry, but I cannot answer this question as there is no specific information provided in the contexts to directly ad\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ress whether the regulations provide sufficient guidance on encryption standards, data encryption requirements, and secure data storage practices. If you need more detailed information or guidance, please provide additional context or details for me to as
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ist you further. \line \line References: \line \line Louisiana: \line \hich\f1 According to La. R.S. \'a7\loch\f1  22:2504: \line \line 
E. If a licensee has a board of directors, the board or an appropriate committee of the board shall, at a minimum, require a licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s executive management or its delegates t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  develop, implement, and maintain the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s information security program. They must report in writing, at least annually, the overall status of the information security program and the licensee
\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s compliance with this Chapter, including addressing iss\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 es such as risk assessment, risk management, control decisions, and cybersecurity events or violations. \line 
\line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Insurance\\La. R.S. _ 22_2504.pdf \line \line Mississippi: \line \hich\f1 According to Miss. Code Ann. \'a7\u8201\'20\loch\f1 83-5-807: \line \line The r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
gulations do provide guidance on encryption standards, data encryption requirements, and secure data storage practices. Specifically, under paragraph (4)(b)(iv), it states: "Protect by encryption or other appropriate means, all nonpublic information while
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 being transmitted over an external network and all nonpublic information stored on a laptop computer or other portable computing or storage device or media." \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Insurance\\Miss. Code Ann. __ 83-5-807.pdf\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Government\\Miss. Code Ann. _ 25-53-201.pdf \line \line 
Georgia: \line I cannot provide a response without the necessary context. \line \line Florida: \line I'm sorry, but I couldn't find any specific information related to the encryption stand\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rds, data encryption requirements, and secure data storage practices in the provided context. Would you like me to assist with anything else? \line \line 
The regulations do indeed provide guidance on encryption standards, data encryption requirements, and secure da\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
a storage practices. In Legislation code ORC Ann. 3965.02, paragraph (D)(2)(d) specifies the need to protect all nonpublic information by encryption or other appropriate means during transmission over an external network and while stored on portable devic
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s. Additionally, paragraph (D)(2)(h) addresses the implementation of measures to safeguard nonpublic information from destruction or damage due to environmental hazards. It is essential for licensees to comply by encrypting nonpublic information and ensur
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ng secure data storage practices for compliance with cybersecurity requirements}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid5272763 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid5272763\charrsid5272763 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e500000000000000000000000020db
44fd02deda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}