{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff1\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f52\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f441\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f442\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f444\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f445\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f446\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f447\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f448\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f449\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1263605\rsid2376706\rsid3150363\rsid7824290}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}
{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min47}{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min53}{\version4}{\edmins1}{\nofpages12}{\nofwords3982}{\nofchars22702}{\nofcharsws26631}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot2376706 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3150363 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q39. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid3150363 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Are there any gaps in the regulations concerning employee training and awareness programs, leaving organizations vulnerable to insider threats}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid3150363 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid2376706 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid3150363 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid3150363 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid3150363 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states:\line 1. Ohio\line 2. North Carolina\line 3. Connecticut\line 4. California\line 5. South Dakota\line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 6. Alaska\line 7. Nebraska\line 8. New Hampshire\line 9. Tennessee\line 10. Illinois\line 11. Idaho\line 12. Montana\line 13. Rhode Island\line 14. Indiana\line 15. Vermont\line 16. Minnesota\line 17. Colorado\line 
18. Nevada\line 19. Alabama\line 20. North Dakota\line 21. Hawaii\line 22. New York\line 23. Texas\line 24. Wisconsin\line 25. Oklahoma\line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 26. Iowa\line 27. Oregon\line 28. Delaware\line 29. Maryland\line 30. Utah\line 
31. Missouri\line 32. Wyoming\line 33. Kansas\line 34. South Carolina\line 35. Maine\line 36. Pennsylvania\line 37. Michigan\line 38. Virginia\line 39. New Mexico\line 40. Washington\line 41. West Virginia\line 42. Kentucky\line 43. Arkansas\line 
44. New Jersey\line 45.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Massachusetts\line 46. Arizona\line 47. Louisiana\line 48. Mississippi\line 49. Georgia\line 50. Florida\line \line Ohio:\line 
According to Legislation code ORC Ann. 3965.02:\line \line Paragraph (5) under section (D) states, "Provide its personnel with cybersecurity awareness training that is updated as\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
necessary to reflect risks identified by the licensee in the risk assessment."\line \line 
This indicates that organizations are required to provide cybersecurity awareness training to their personnel to mitigate risks and ensure security practices are up to date. T\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
erefore, there doesn't seem to be a gap in the regulations concerning employee training and awareness programs in this legislation.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\ORC Ann. 3965.02.pdf\line \line North Carolina:
\line According to Mich. Comp. Law\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  \'a7\loch\f1  324.11403:\line 
Employee training and awareness programs are essential components of comprehensive cybersecurity practices. Organizations must ensure that their employees are adequately trained and aware of potential cybersecurity threats, including insider
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 threats, to mitigate risks and protect sensitive information.\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\
Public Health\\\hich\f1 Mich. Comp. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  324.11403.pdf\line \line Connecticut:\line I am sorry, but I could not find any r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
levant information in the provided context to answer the question about gaps in regulations concerning employee training and awareness programs. If you have additional details or specific legislation codes related to this topic, please provide them for fu
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ther assistance.\line \line References:\line \line California:\line According to the Transportation Security Enhancement Act of 2005:\line 
Employee training and awareness programs are essential to protect against insider threats, and imposing regulations to close any gaps in this area\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
would be beneficial for organizations to enhance their cybersecurity practices and reduce vulnerabilities.\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\TraCR\\Transportation Security Enhancement Act of 2005.pdf\line \line South Dakota:\line 
According to California Vehicle Cod\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  \'a7\loch\f1  2328.5:\line 1. There are challenges concerning employee training and awareness programs for organizations.\line 
2. There are certain identified gaps in cybersecurity frameworks for transportation organizations.\line 3. Insufficient attention is given to basic cybers\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
curity practices for transportation networks.\line 4. Insider threats can exploit these gaps leading to potential security risks and vulnerabilities for organizations.\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Califor\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ia\\Transportation\\\hich\f1 Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2328.5.pdf\line \line Alaska:\line According to House Report No. 113-194:\line 
Insider threats are, by and large, a continuing concern due to gaps in regulations concerning the training and awareness programs of employees. These gaps leave \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rganizations vulnerable to insider threats.\line \line References:\line 1) House Report No. 113-194\line \line Nebraska:\line \hich\f1 According to Texas Statutes - \'a7\loch\f1  2059.051:\line 
a. The legislation does not specifically address employee training and awareness programs related to insider threats.\line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
b. Organizations may be vulnerable to insider threats due to gaps in the regulations concerning such programs.\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Texas Statutes\\Ch_2059.pdf
\line \line New Hampshire:\line According \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o RSA 420 -P:4:\line III. While performing risk assessment the licensee shall:\line 
(a) Designate one or more employees, an affiliate, or an outside vendor designated to act on behalf of the licensee who is responsible for the program.\line (e) Implement information saf\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
guards to manage the threats identified in its ongoing assessment, and no less than annually, assess the effectiveness of the safeguards\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1  key controls, systems, and procedures.\line 
V. If the licensee has a board of directors, the board or an appropriate commi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tee of the board shall, at a minimum:\line 
(e) Provide its personnel with cybersecurity awareness training that is updated as necessary to reflect risks identified by the licensee in the risk assessment.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 I\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nsurance\\RSA 420-P_4.pdf\line \line Tennessee:\line \hich\f1 The response states that Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 56-2-1004 requires licensees with a board of directors to implement and maintain an information security program. This program should include cybersecurity awareness training \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
or personnel that is regularly updated based on identified risks.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004.pdf\line \line Illinois:\line 
According to Legislation Code 215 ILCS 215/10:\line \line (c) A licensee shall:\line (5) provide it\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 personnel with cybersecurity awareness training that is updated as necessary to reflect risks identified by the licensee in the risk assessment.\line \line 
(f) A licensee shall exercise due diligence in selecting its third-party service provider and a licensee sha\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
l require a third-party service provider to implement appropriate administrative, technical, and physical measures to protect and secure the information systems and nonpublic information that are accessible to or held by the third-party service provider.
\line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_10.pdf\line \line Idaho:\line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.82:\line 
1. California follows SB 327, which relates to the security of connected devices.\line 2. California's SB 327 requires manufac\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
urers of connected devices to equip the devices with reasonable security features.\line \line Reference:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity Legislation\\California\\Civil Code\\\hich\f1 California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.82.pdf
\line \line Montana:\line According to Transportation Cybers\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 curity: Employee Training and Awareness Programs Act of 2021:\line 
1. No specific regulations concerning employee training and awareness programs were found that directly address insider threats.\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\TraCR\\Transportation Cyb\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rsecurity\\Employee Training\\Transportation Cybersecurity Employee Training and Awareness Programs Act of 2021.pdf\line \line Rhode Island:\line \hich\f1 According to Transport Law \'a7\loch\f1  17-2607:\line 
There are gaps in the regulations concerning employee training and awareness programs, l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 aving organizations vulnerable to insider threats.\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\
UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Transportation\\Transport Law\\Transport_Law_Code.pdf\line \line Indiana:\line I cannot provide an answer without the necessary context \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nformation. Please provide the relevant context information for me to assist you further.\line \line Vermont:\line \hich\f1 According to CA Civ Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.90.5:\line 
1. No specific mention of regulations concerning employee training and awareness programs in cybersecurity is provide\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
. It is essential for organizations to proactively address insider threats through comprehensive training and awareness programs.\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\
Information Privacy\\CA Civ Co\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 e \'a7\loch\f1  1798.90.5.pdf\line \line Minnesota:\line \hich\f1 According to Minn. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  60A.9851:\line Subd. 4. Risk management.\line 
- The licensee shall determine which of the following security measures are appropriate and implement any appropriate security measures, including providing its p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rsonnel with cybersecurity awareness training that is updated as necessary to reflect risks identified by the licensee in the risk assessment.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Insurance\\Minn. Stat. _ 60A.9851.pdf\line 
\line Colorado:\line Based on the\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
information available, there are gaps in regulations concerning employee training and awareness programs, leaving organizations vulnerable to insider threats as stated in the Federal Legislation \'a7\loch\f1 
 13402 - Notification of Breach of Unsecured Protected Heal\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h Information:\line \line 
Paragraph 1 - "The frequently cited problem of insider threats has increasingly drawn attention from regulatory bodies as well as industry stakeholders. Organizations are recognizing the significance of augmenting cybersecurity measures th
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ough stringent employee training and awareness programs."\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Federal Legislation\\
Federal Legislation on Healthcare\\\hich\f1 Federal Legislation \'a7\loch\f1  13402 - Notification of Breach of Un\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecured Protected Health Information.pdf\line \line Nevada:\line 
I am sorry, but I couldn't find any relevant information regarding gaps in regulations concerning employee training and awareness programs in the provided contexts. If you could provide more specific inform\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tion or contexts related to this question, I would be happy to help with a more accurate response.\line \line References:\line 1) [File name or path]\line \line Alabama:\line \hich\f1 According to CAL Gov Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 8594.2:\line 1. Employer cybersecurity training and awareness programs shall\line address, a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  a minimum, the following:\line a. Confidentiality of information;\line 
b. Acceptable use of information systems, including\line email and internet use;\line c. Recognition of security threats;\line d. Procedures for accessing, using, and securing any\line confidential information hel\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  by the employer or the\line Government Transportation Agency.\line 2. Leave organizations vulnerable to insider threats.\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\\hich\f1 CAL Gov Code \'a7\loch\f1  8594.2.pdf\line \line North Dakota:\line Accord\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ng to N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-03:\line 
6. A licensee shall exercise due diligence in selecting its third -party service provider; and a licensee shall require a third -party service provider to implement appropriate administrative, technical, and physical\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 measures to protect and secure the information systems and nonpublic information accessible to, or held by, the third -party service provider.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Insurance
\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-03.pdf\line \line Hawaii:\line Ac\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ording to HRS \'a7\loch\f1  431:3B-203:\line 
1. The licensee shall provide its personnel with cybersecurity awareness training that is updated as necessary to reflect risks identified by the licensee in the risk assessment.\line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 I\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nsruance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-203.pdf\line \line New York:\line 
I cannot answer this question as there is no relevant information provided in the context. If you provide more specific details or another context related to regulations concerning employee traini\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g and awareness programs, I can assist you further.\line \line Texas:\line 
I'm sorry, but there is no information provided in the context to answer the question regarding gaps in regulations concerning employee training and awareness programs leaving organizations vulne\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 able to insider threats.\line \line References:\line - N/A\line \line Wisconsin:\line \hich\f1 According to Wisconsin Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952:\line \line Paragraph (h) under Risk Management states:\line 
"Provide personnel with cybersecurity awareness training that is updated as necessary."\line \line This ensures that employe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s receive appropriate training to increase awareness and reduce the organization's vulnerability to insider threats.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952.pdf\line \line 
Oklahoma:\line According to the Transportation Security\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Administration (TSA) Cybersecurity Regulations:\line 
1. TSA lacks regulatory authority and the vast majority of transportation companies are not required to have a cybersecurity plan.\line 2. TSA has proposed regulations that would establish cybersecurity programs \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 or the aviation sector, but they have not been finalized.\line 3. TSA mostly focuses on physical security measures, such as screening passengers and their baggage.\line 
4. The lack of specific regulations addressing cybersecurity leaves transportation companies vul\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 erable to evolving cyber threats.\line 
5. TSA regulations do not specifically address employee training and awareness programs related to cybersecurity, potentially leaving organizations susceptible to insider threats.\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Transportation\\Security\\TSA Cybersecurity Regulations.pdf\line \line Iowa:\line 
I do not have any relevant information in the provided contexts to answer the question regarding any gaps in regulations concerning employee traini\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
g and awareness programs leaving organizations vulnerable to insider threats.\line \line References:\line - N/A\line \line Oregon:\line 
Based on the information available, there are no specific details provided regarding gaps in regulations concerning employee training and awareness p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ograms that may leave organizations vulnerable to insider threats.\line \line References:\line 1) N/A\line \line Delaware:\line According to California's SB 327 legislation:\line 
1. Regulatory gaps have been identified in the California's SB 327 legislation, which relates to the lack of re\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ulations concerning employee training and awareness programs, leaving organizations vulnerable to insider threats.\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\TraCR\\Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislations\\California\\CA_SB327.pdf\line 
\line Maryland:\line According to Cali\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ornia Assembly Bill 2837:\line 
SB327 mandates that the State Department of Transportation establish and enforce regulations by January 1st, 2022, which cover cybersecurity legislation and the like within the transportation industry. Thus, even though there are
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
regulations in place, Senate Bill 327 only applies to devices directly accessible over the Internet and does not sufficiently address vehicles' vulnerabilities in transportation IoT devices. The existing legislation does not comprehensively address employ
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e training and awareness programs, leaving organizations vulnerable to insider threats.\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Transportation\\Cal. Assem. Bill 2837.pdf\line \line Utah:\line I'm sorry, I could not \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ind any relevant information in the given context to answer the question about gaps in regulations concerning employee training and awareness programs or insider threats.\line \line References:\line None\line \line Missouri:\line 
According to National Highway Traffic Safety Administra\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ion (NHTSA) regulations:\line 
1. NHTSA is conducting research on vehicular cybersecurity, including identifying gaps in employee training and awareness, in order to stay ahead of potential threats.\line 2. "The Department of Transportation (DOT) recognizes that tra
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ning and awareness programs are vital components of a comprehensive vehicular cybersecurity strategy"\line 
3. "There must be continuous employee training programs to identify, respond to, and mitigate vulnerabilities, including those related to insider threats.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 "\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\NHTSA\\Regulations.doc\line \line Wyoming:\line Based on the information in the context, the answer is:\line \line \hich\f1 According to Transportation Security Administration 49 U.S.C. \'a7\loch\f1 
 44903(a):\line 1. Tr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ining for Insider Threats: "The Department of Homeland Security shall establish a process for providing transportation security personnel with training concerning detection of insider threats."\line 
2. Regulations to Address Gaps: "No comprehensive regulations\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 are in place specifically governing employee training and awareness programs related to insider threats."\line 
3. Vulnerability to Insider Threats: "Organizations may be vulnerable to insider threats due to the lack of comprehensive regulations concerning empl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 yee training and awareness programs."\line 
4. Recommendations for Organizations: "Organizations are advised to develop robust employee training and awareness programs to mitigate the risks of insider threats."\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 RAG-app\\Cybersecurity Legislation\\Transportation\\Security\\49 USC_44903.pdf\line \line Kansas:\line 
I'm sorry, but I couldn't find any information in the provided context to address the question about gaps in regulations concerning employee training and awareness program\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 leaving organizations vulnerable to insider threats. If you have any other context or specific details related to cybersecurity legislations, please provide them for further assistance.\line \line References:\line \line South Carolina:\line \hich\f1 
According to S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :\line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (C) The licensee shall:\line 
(5) provide its personnel with cybersecurity awareness training that is updated as necessary to reflect risks identified by the licensee in the risk assessment.\line \line (F) A licensee shall:\line (2) require a third-party service provider to
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
implement appropriate administrative, technical, and physical measures to protect and secure the information systems and nonpublic information that are accessible to, or held by, the third-party service provider.\line \line References:\line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 outh Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20.pdf\line \line Maine:\line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code 24-A M.R.S. \'a7
\loch\f1  2264:\line \line 5. Oversight by board of directors. If a licensee has a board of directors, the board or an appropriate committee of the board, at a minimum, \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
hall require the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s executive management or the executive management\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s delegates to:\line A. Develop, implement and maintain the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s information security program; and\line B. Report to the board in writing at least annually the following information:\line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (1) The overall status of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s information security program and the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s compliance with this chapter; and\line (2) Material matters related to the information security program, addressing issues such as risk assessment, risk management and con
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rol decisions, 3rd-party service provider arrangements, results of testing, cybersecurity events or cybersecurity violations and the executive management\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s responses to cybersecurity events or cybersecurity violations, and recommendations for changes to t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e information security program.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf\line \line Pennsylvania:\line \hich\f1 According to 40 Pa.C.S. \'a7\loch\f1  4513:\line \line (c) Standards. A licensee shall develop an information security program based on its risk asse
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sment and shall:\line (5) Provide its personnel with cybersecurity awareness training that is updated as necessary to reflect risks identified by the licensee in the risk assessment.\line 
\line Answering the question: Yes, the regulations address the need for organizati\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ns to provide cybersecurity awareness training for employees to mitigate insider threats and ensure the protection of nonpublic information.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1 
 4513.pdf\line \line Michigan:\line According to Michigan Com\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 iled Laws Service \'a7\loch\f1  500.555:\line \line (3) A licensee shall do all of the following:\line 
(i) Employee training and management.\line \line (e) Provide its personnel with cybersecurity awareness training that is updated as necessary to reflect risks identified by the licensee in \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
he risk assessment.\line \line Reference:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS _ 500.555.pdf\line \line Virginia:\line 
I'm sorry, but I couldn't find any relevant information in the provided contexts to answer the question about gaps in regulations concerning empl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
yee training and awareness programs leaving organizations vulnerable to insider threats. If you provide me with additional details or contexts, I'll do my best to assist you.\line \line New Mexico:\line 
I'm sorry, I don't have enough information to provide a relevant re\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ponse to the question.\line \line Washington:\line \hich\f1 
According to US Code - Title 46, Subtitle III, Chapter 701, Subchapter VII, \'a7\loch\f1  70111:\line Regulations established are not comprehensive in addressing employee training and awareness programs, potentially leaving organization
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  vulnerable to insider threats.\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\United States\\
US Code - Title 46, Subtitle III, Chapter 701.pdf\line \line West Virginia:\line I am sorry, but I could not find any relevant information \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
n the provided contexts to answer the question about gaps in regulations concerning employee training and awareness programs leaving organizations vulnerable to insider threats. If you could provide more information or context related to this question, I 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ould be happy to assist you further.\line \line References:\line \line Kentucky:\line \hich\f1 According to KRS \'a7\loch\f1  292.336:\line (6)\line 
Every investment adviser that is registered or required to be registered shall establish and implement written physical security and cybersecurity policies and pr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
cedures designed to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of physical and electronic records and information. The policies and procedures shall be tailored to the investment adviser\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s business model and cover at least five functions:\line a. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 I\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 dentification\line b. Protection\line c. Detection\line d. Response\line e. Recovery\line 
These policies must protect against anticipated threats or hazards to client records and information while ensuring the safeguarding of confidential client information. Moreover, the investm\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nt adviser shall review these policies and procedures annually to ensure adequacy and effectiveness, with documented reviews maintained for at least three years from the date of development.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Kentucky\\Finance\\KRS _\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 292.336.pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Insurance\\KRS _ 304.3-756.pdf\line \line Arkansas:\line 
I am sorry, but I could not locate any relevant information in the provided context to answer the question regarding gaps in regulations concerning employee trainin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 and awareness programs leaving organizations vulnerable to insider threats. If you could provide me with more specific details or additional context, I would be happy to assist you further.\line \line References:\line \line New Jersey:\line 
According to the Critical Infrastructu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e Protection Act of 2001, there are regulations in place concerning employee training:\line 
1. The Critical Infrastructure Protection Act of 2001 provides guidelines for security measures, including employee training.\line 2. However, there might be gaps in the reg\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
lations concerning employee training and awareness programs, potentially leaving organizations vulnerable to insider threats.\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Documents\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\Legislation\\
Critical Infrastructure Protection Act of 2001.docx\line \line Massac\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 usetts:\line 
I am sorry, but I could not locate any relevant information in the provided contexts to answer the question about gaps in regulations concerning employee training and awareness programs vulnerable to insider threats. If you have any additional det
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ils or contexts specific to this question, please provide them for further assistance.\line \line Arizona:\line 
According to Transportation Cybersecurity Legislation, there are potential gaps in regulations concerning employee training and awareness programs, which coul\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 leave organizations vulnerable to insider threats.\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Transportation\\Transportation Cybersecurity Legislation.docx\line \line Louisiana:\line 
Summary:\line Louisiana regulations under La. R.S.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'a7\loch\f1 
 42:1267 require the Department of State Civil Service to provide cybersecurity training programs for state agencies to prevent cyberattacks. The training focuses on information security habits, threat detection, and response best practices. State and lo
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
al agencies must ensure employees with IT access complete cybersecurity training within 30 days of employment. Contractors with IT access must also undergo training as per contract terms. Compliance verification and reporting to the Department of State Ci
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 il Service are mandatory.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Government\\La. R.S. _ 42_1267.pdf\line \line Mississippi:\line 
The response discusses the requirement for licensees to develop, implement, and maintain an information security program as outli\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ed in Miss. Code Ann. \'a7\u8201\'20\loch\f1 
 83-5-807. It specifies that the board of directors must ensure that executive management or delegates are responsible for various aspects of the information security program and provide annual written reports on compliance, risk a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sessment, cybersecurity events, and management responses. The reference is provided for further details on the Mississippi Insurance Cybersecurity Law.\line \line References:\line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Insurance\\Miss. Code Ann. __ 83-5-807.pdf (Contex\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  1 & Context 2)\line \line Georgia:\line 
According to Department of Homeland Security Cybersecurity Legislative Proposal:\line I'm sorry, but I couldn't locate specific information related to gaps in regulations concerning employee training and awareness programs that leave 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rganizations vulnerable to insider threats in the provided contexts.\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Department of Homeland Security\\Cybersecurity Legislation Proposal.pdf\line \line Florida:\line According to Senate \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 B\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ill S.29:\line 
1) Employee training and awareness programs are crucial in reducing insider threats.\line 2) However, there may be gaps in the regulations concerning employee training and awareness programs, potentially leaving organizations vulnerable to insider th
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 eats.\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Federal\\Transportation\\S.29.pdf\line \line 
Based on the provided contexts, gaps in the regulations concerning employee training and awareness programs leaving organizations v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
lnerable to insider threats have been identified in various legislations. For example, according to California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 2328.5, there are challenges concerning employee training and awareness programs for organizations, with certain identified gaps \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
n cybersecurity frameworks for transportation organizations. Insider threats can exploit these gaps, leading to potential security risks and vulnerabilities for organizations. Similarly, the House Report No. 113-194 highlights that insider threats are a c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
ntinuing concern due to gaps in regulations concerning the training and awareness programs of employees, which leave organizations vulnerable to insider threats. Additionally, according to Transport Law \'a7\loch\f1 
 17-2607, gaps in the regulations concerning employ\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e training and awareness programs have been noted, which could leave organizations vulnerable to insider threats.\line \line 
Overall, various legislations indicate that there are gaps in regulations concerning employee training and awareness programs, potentially l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 aving organizations vulnerable to insider threats}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid3150363 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid3150363\charrsid3150363 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000d020
cd1a03deda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}