{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1139762}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr12\min23}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr12\min24}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages15}{\nofwords6478}{\nofchars36931}{\nofcharsws43323}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot1139762 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid1139762 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q4: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid1139762 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 How do states address data privacy concerns in the realm of cybersecurity}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid1139762 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid11818953 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid1139762 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid1139762 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line 5. Arizona \line 6. Colorado \line 
7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 18. Oregon \line 
19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. South Carolina \line 23. Indiana \line 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. Kansas \line 28. Arkans\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s \line 29. Idaho \line 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 40. Alabama \line 
41. North Dakota \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. New Mexico \line 46. Ken\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 50. Illinois 
\line \line New Hampshire: \line States address data privacy concerns in the realm of cybersecurity by implementing legislation such as RSA 189:66. This legislation requires the creation of an annually-upda\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ed index of data elements, standards for privacy and security of student and employee data, development of data and privacy governance plans by local education agencies, establishment of policies and procedures for data protection and privacy, and respons
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 plans for breaches of information. Additionally, the legislation mandates service providers to meet or exceed data protection and privacy standards, and allows students to register for technology platforms with parental consent. \line \line References: 
\line 1) Current\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Education\\RSA 189_66.pdf \line \line Delaware: \line \hich\f1 
States address data privacy concerns in the realm of cybersecurity by implementing legislation such as 18 Del. C. \'a7\loch\f1  8606. This legislation requires licensees to notify the Commissioner \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ithin 3 business days of a cybersecurity event, provide detailed information about the event, update the Commissioner on any material changes, and notify affected consumers if there is a reasonable likelihood of harm. Additional requirements include provi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ing information on the cybersecurity event, steps taken to investigate and notify affected consumers, and designating a contact person. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8606.pdf \line \line Virginia: \line States address data p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ivacy concerns in the realm of cybersecurity by requiring licensees to develop, implement, and maintain comprehensive information security programs based on risk assessments. These programs must include administrative, technical, and physical safeguards t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 protect nonpublic information and information systems. Key components include designating responsible personnel, implementing access controls, providing cybersecurity awareness training, and establishing incident response plans. Additionally, starting Ju
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y 1, 2022, licensees using third-party service providers must ensure these providers implement appropriate cybersecurity measures. Insurers in the Commonwealth must certify compliance with these requirements, adopt rules, and maintain records for inspecti
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-623.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Government\\
\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  2.2-5514.pdf \line \line New York: \line States address data privacy concerns in the realm of cybersecurity b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 ensuring that state agencies provide users with access to all personal information collected through their state agency websites. Users are also afforded the opportunity to request corrections or amendments to this personal information, following procedu
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 es outlined in relevant laws. Access to personal information is granted via the internet when feasible and in a secure manner. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
New York\\Internet Security and Privacy Act\\_ 205. Access to personal information.pdf\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Education\\\hich\f1 NY CLS Educ \'a7\loch\f1  2-d.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Internet Security and Privacy Act\\_ 203. Model internet privacy policy.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Information Technology\\NY CLS S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 T
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1  103.pdf \line \line Arizona: \line According to A.R.S. Title 18, Ch. 5, Art. 4: \line 
In the realm of cybersecurity, states address data privacy concerns through legislation such as Article 4. Data Security Breaches, which includes sections 18-551 to 18-\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
52. This legislation aims to regulate and provide guidelines for handling data security breaches, thereby protecting individuals' data privacy rights. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Arizona\\Data Security Breaches\\
Article 4 Data Security Breac\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 es.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Arizona\\Data Security Breaches\\18-551. Definitions.pdf \line \line Colorado: \line 
States address data privacy concerns in the realm of cybersecurity by implementing measures outlined in C.R.S. 2-3-1704. These measures include evalua\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ing if state agencies are collecting only necessary data, regulating access to data, and implementing security measures to protect data from unauthorized access or disclosure. References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\
Joint Technology Committee\\C.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 R.S. 2-3-1704.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\C.R.S. 24-33.5-1905.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Consumer Protection Act\\C.R.S. 6-1-716.pdf 
\line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\C.R.S. 24-73-103.pdf \line \line Ge\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rgia: \line 
States address data privacy concerns in the realm of cybersecurity by implementing legislation that regulates the reporting of cyber attacks, data breaches, and malware incidents by utilities to the director of emergency management and homeland sec
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rity within a specified timeframe. Information shared under such reporting is considered confidential and not subject to public inspection or disclosure. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\Military\\O.C.G.A. _ 38-3-22.2.pdf \line 2) Current Cyb\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rsecurity Law\\Georgia\\State Government\\O.C.G.A. _ 50-18-72.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\State Government\\O.C.G.A. _ 50-14-3.pdf \line \line Vermont: \line \hich\f1 According to 20 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4662: \line \line Paragraph (c) outlines the duties of the Cybersecurity Advisory Counc
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
l which include developing a strategic plan for protecting the State's public and private sector information from cybersecurity attacks, evaluating statewide cybersecurity readiness, sharing best practices for strengthening administrative, technical, and 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
hysical cybersecurity safeguards, building relationships within government and the private sector, conducting an inventory of cybersecurity standards and protocols for critical infrastructures, and making recommendations for legislative action to protect 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ritical assets, infrastructure, services, and personally identifiable information. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Cybersecurity\\\hich\f1 20 V.S.A. \'a7
\loch\f1  4662.pdf \line \line Wyoming: \line \hich\f1 According to Wyo. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  40-12-502: \line \line Section (a): \line An individual or comm\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rcial entity conducting business in Wyoming that owns or licenses computerized data containing personal identifying information about a resident of Wyoming must conduct a prompt investigation upon awareness of a security breach to determine potential misu
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e. If misuse is confirmed or likely, the entity must notify the affected individual without unreasonable delay, considering law enforcement needs and the breach's scope. \line \line 
Section (b): \line Notification of the breach can be delayed if a law enforcement agency\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 states in writing that immediate notification could impede a criminal investigation. \line \line 
Section (c): \line Financial institutions meeting specific criteria are deemed compliant with the notification requirements if they inform affected Wyoming customers as outl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ned in federal regulations. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wyoming\\Data Breach Notification\\\hich\f1 Wyo. Stat. -\'ba\loch\f1  40-12-502.pdf \line \line Rhode Island: \line 
States address data privacy concerns in the realm of cybersecurity by implementing protocols for notifica\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ion of cybersecurity incidents. For instance, R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1 
 11-49.3-7 mandates that municipal and state agencies must notify the Rhode Island state police within 24 hours of detecting a cybersecurity incident. Failure to do so may result in liability f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r a violation. The notification must include a description of the incident and the date or date range when it occurred. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\Criminal\\\hich\f1 
R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  11-49.3-7.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Is\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 and\\Criminal\\\hich\f1 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  11-49.3-3.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Rhode Island\\Government\\\hich\f1 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  42-7-9.pdf \line \line Nebraska: \line The response provided discusses how the state of Nebraska addresses data privacy concerns in the realm of cybersecur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ty. It outlines specific requirements for individuals or commercial entities that own or license computerized data containing personal information of Nebraska residents in the event of a security breach. The key points include the obligation to conduct a 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rompt investigation, provide notice to affected residents and the Attorney General, as well as cooperate with data owners or licensees. It also allows for delayed notification in cases where law enforcement deems it necessary to not impede an ongoing crim
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nal investigation. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nebraska\\Financial\\\hich\f1 R.R.S. Neb. \'a7\loch\f1  87-803.pdf \line \line Nevada: \line 
States address data privacy concerns in the realm of cybersecurity by recognizing the importance of protecting and securing information sy\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tems to safeguard the health, safety, and welfare of their residents. Efforts include coordinating to promote cybersecurity, identifying vulnerabilities, and fostering collaboration among various entities, including local, state, federal agencies, and pub
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ic-private sectors. Institutions of higher education also play a crucial role in developing programs to support a skilled workforce and enhance cybersecurity. \line \line References: \line 
\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.900.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 pdf \line \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 480.930.pdf \line \line Michigan: \line States address data privacy concerns in cybersecurity by requiring licensees to develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive written information se\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
urity program. This program must include administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect nonpublic information and the licensee's information system, based on a risk assessment. The program should aim to protect the security and confidential
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ty of nonpublic information, guard against threats or hazards to the information system, prevent unauthorized access to nonpublic information, and establish procedures for secure disposal of unnecessary information. \line \line References: \line \line 
1) Current Cybersecurit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS _ 500.555.pdf \line \line Florida: \line 
States address data privacy concerns in the realm of cybersecurity by establishing asset management procedures to ensure IT resources are managed effectively, using a standard risk assessment methodol\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
gy to support operational decisions, conducting comprehensive risk assessments and cybersecurity audits, implementing protection procedures for information and data, ensuring confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information, detecting threats t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rough monitoring, establishing cybersecurity incident response teams, recovering information in response to incidents, and creating a cybersecurity incident reporting process. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Information Technology\\Fla.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Stat. _ 282.318.pdf (Context 1) \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Information Technology\\
Fla. Stat. _ 282.318.pdf (Context 2) \line \line Missouri: \line \hich\f1 According to Information Technology Cybersecurity Law \'a7\loch\f1 10: \line 1. States address data privacy concerns in the realm\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
of cybersecurity by implementing legislation that require entities to maintain the security and confidentiality of personal information, including the protection of such information from unauthorized access, disclosure, and use. These laws also typically 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 equire entities to notify individuals in the event of a data breach involving their personal information. \line 
2. States also establish requirements for entities to implement security measures to protect sensitive information, such as encryption, tokenization,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 or other technologies, to protect personal information from unauthorized access. \line 
3. Additionally, states may require entities to develop and maintain written information security programs that outline the safeguards and protocols in place to protect per\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
onal information from cybersecurity threats. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\\hich\f1 Information Technology Cybersecurity Law \'a7\loch\f1 10.pdf \line \line Wisconsin: \line 
\hich\f1 According to Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952 legislation: \line 1. States ad\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ress data privacy concerns in the realm of cybersecurity by requiring licensees to develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive written information security program to protect nonpublic information. \line 
2. This program includes administrative, technical,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
and physical safeguards for information systems, risk assessment, risk management, security measures, incident response plans, oversight of 3rd-party service providers, and involvement of the board of directors in overseeing the program. \line 
3. Measures such\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
as access controls, encryption, secure development practices, regular testing, and monitoring are required to protect against unauthorized access, destruction, or misuse of nonpublic information. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law
\\Wisconsin\\Insur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nce\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.954.pdf \line \line 
Tennessee: \line States address data privacy concerns in the realm of cybersecurity by implementing legislation that requires licensees to notify the comm\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ssioner within three business days of a cybersecurity event if it has the potential to harm consumers or impact the licensee's operations. The licensee must provide detailed information about the cybersecurity event, including how nonpublic information wa
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  compromised, how the event was discovered, and actions taken in response. This legislation aims to ensure transparency and accountability in handling cybersecurity incidents. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\Tenn. Code Ann.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1006.pdf \line \line Oregon: \line \hich\f1 According to ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555: 
\line \line 3. The center shall: \line (b) Provide to public, private and nonprofit sectors in this state information and recommend best practices concerning cybersecurity, cyber resilience and recovery measures, i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cluding legal, insurance and other topics. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555.pdf \line \line Connecticut: \line \hich\f1 
According to Conn. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  38a -38: \line In the realm of cybersecurity, states address data privacy co\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
cerns through legislation such as the "Insurance Data Security Law." This law requires licensees to develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive written information security program based on risk assessments to protect nonpublic information and inform
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tion systems. Licensees must have safeguards commensurate with their size, activities, and the sensitivity of the information they handle. Additionally, the law mandates the investigation of cybersecurity events, notification requirements to consumers and
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 regulatory bodies, and oversight by the Insurance Commissioner to ensure compliance. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Insurance\\
Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 38a-38.pdf \line \line Mississippi: \line Summary: Mississippi addresses data privacy concerns in cy\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ersecurity by establishing the Enterprise Security Program, which provides coordinated oversight of cybersecurity efforts across state agencies. The program includes developing policies, standards, and guidelines, with the Mississippi Department of Inform
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tion Technology Services working with agencies to manage and coordinate security policies. Each agency's head is responsible for ensuring data and IT resource security, with requirements to report cyberattacks or ransomware demands to MDITS for analysis t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  improve cybersecurity efforts. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Government\\Miss. Code Ann. _ 25-53-201.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Mississippi\\Insurance\\Miss. Code Ann. __ 83-5-807.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line Summarized Response: \line State\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 address data privacy concerns by implementing voluntary requirements for covered entities to establish and maintain a written cybersecurity program with safeguards for personal and restricted information. The program must align with industry-recognized c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
bersecurity frameworks, protect against threats, and be reviewed annually. Covered entities meeting these criteria are granted an affirmative defense against tort actions related to data breaches. \line \line References: Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Oklahoma\\Hospital \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ybersecurity Protection Act\\\hich\f1 18 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f1  2070.pdf \line \line South Carolina: \line 
States address data privacy concerns in the realm of cybersecurity by requiring licensees to develop, implement, and maintain comprehensive written information security programs based o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 risk assessments. These programs must include administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect nonpublic information and information systems. Licensees must designate individuals or entities responsible for the program, identify threats, ass
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ss policies and safeguards, and implement safeguards to manage risks. Additionally, licensees must mitigate identified risks, stay informed about emerging threats, provide cybersecurity training to personnel, and carefully select third-party service provi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ers. Boards of directors, if present, must oversee the program's development, implementation, and maintenance. Furthermore, licensees must establish incident response plans to promptly respond to and recover from cybersecurity events, and certify annually
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 compliance with the set requirements. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20.pdf \line \line 
Indiana: \line States address data privacy concerns in the realm of cybersecurity by requiring licensees to promptly inves\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
igate cybersecurity events, maintain records for at least five years, notify the commissioner within three business days of significant events, and update notifications as needed. They must also comply with relevant laws and provide copies of consumer not
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ces to the commissioner if required. (References provided for further details) \line \line References: \line 1. C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Indiana\\Insurance\\Burns Ind. Code Ann. _27-2-27-21.pdf \line 2. C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Rese\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rch\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Insurance\\
Burns Ind. Code Ann. _27-2-27-18.pdf \line \line Utah: \line \hich\f1 States address data privacy concerns in cybersecurity by implementing various measures as per Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-19-301. The law outlines that the offi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e is responsible for creating and maintaining a strategic data privacy plan to assist state agencies in implementing effective privacy practices. This includes protecting personal data, ensuring compliance with relevant laws and regulations, empowering in
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ividuals to control their data, and enabling information sharing among entities legally. Additionally, the office reviews statutory provisions related to governmental data privacy, identifies conflicts and gaps, standardizes language, and consults with im
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
acted agencies and the attorney general for proposed amendments. Furthermore, the office collaborates with state agencies to study and identify additional privacy requirements, remedies for non-compliance, ways to enhance individual control over personal 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ata, and necessary resources to develop and improve privacy programs. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 63A-19-301.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-16-1102.pdf \line 3) Current Cy\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 
Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-19-401.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-19-405.pdf \line \line West Virginia: \line \hich\f1 According to W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  18-2-5h: \line \line 
1) Data Inventory \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  State Responsibilities: \line - The Departm\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nt of Education must develop, publish, and make publicly available policies and procedures to comply with all relevant state and federal privacy laws and policies, including FERPA and other relevant privacy laws and policies. \line 
- The policies and procedure\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 shall include guidelines for authentication of authorized access, privacy compliance standards, privacy and security audits, breach planning, notification and procedures, data retention and disposition policies, and data security policies including elect
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 onic, physical, and administrative safeguards. \line 
- The department shall ensure routine and ongoing compliance with FERPA, other relevant privacy laws and policies, and the privacy and security policies and procedures developed under the authority of this a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t, including performance of compliance audits. \line 
- Contracts governing databases, assessments, or instructional supports outsourced to private vendors must include provisions safeguarding privacy and security, with penalties for noncompliance. \line \line Reference:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Education\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  18-2-5h.pdf \line \line Maryland: \line \hich\f1 According to Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  3.5-2A.04: 
\line \line 1. States address data privacy concerns by establishing standards to categorize all inform\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tion collected or maintained by each unit of State government, as well as categorizing information systems and establishing security requirements for them (subsection (b)(1)-(4)). \line 
2. States also assess the categorization of information and systems, corre\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t security vulnerabilities, and manage security awareness training for employees (subsection (b)(5)-(8)). \line 
3. Additionally, states provide technical assistance to mitigate and recover from cybersecurity incidents and offer guidance to improve cybersecurit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 practices in local government units (subsection (b)(13)-(14)). \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Government\\Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.5-2A.04.pdf \line \line Kansas: \line 
States address data privacy concerns in the realm of cyb\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 rsecurity by implementing comprehensive measures outlined in Legislation code K.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1 
 75-7240. This legislation mandates that executive branch agency heads take responsibility for securing all data and information technology resources within their purvie\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
. It requires the establishment of agency-wide information security programs, designation of information security officers reporting to executive leadership, participation in statewide cybersecurity initiatives, compliance with laws and regulations, imple
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
entation of safeguards against threats, inclusion of cybersecurity requirements in procurement specifications, submission of cybersecurity self-assessment reports, and prompt notification in case of breaches. Furthermore, state agency directors are requir
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
d to undergo cybersecurity training, disable IT credentials of departing employees, and ensure IT security training for all staff annually. The Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) is tasked with developing self-assessment report templates and mainta
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ning confidentiality of such reports. \line \line References: \line Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\K.S.A. _ 75-7240.pdf \line \line Arkansas: \line \hich\f1 
According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1 1798.82: \line 1. All operators of commercial websites or online services that collect person\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
lly identifiable information about consumers residing in California who use or visit their commercial websites or online services should have posted on their websites a privacy policy. \line 
2. Any operator that collects personally identifiable information thr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ugh the Internet about individual consumers residing in California is to make its privacy policy available to consumers upon request. If the operator maintains a website, it must post the privacy policy visibly and clearly on its website. \line \line 
References: \line 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 )\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\Cal. Civ. Code _1798.82.pdf \line \line Idaho: \line 
States address data privacy concerns in the realm of cybersecurity by implementing cybersecurity policies, coordinating with \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tate agencies and officials regarding information security needs, conducting penetration tests and vulnerability scans of state technology systems, mandating education and training for state employees, creating a statewide cybersecurity website for intell
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 gence-sharing, promoting public outreach efforts to protect personal information, and adopting rules to fulfill the purposes of cybersecurity legislation. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Idaho\\Government\\Idaho Code _ 67-827A.pdf \line 2) Current Cy\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ersecurity Law\\Idaho\\Government\\Idaho Code _ 67-827.pdf \line \line North Carolina: \line 
\hich\f1 According to N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1379: \line 1. State agencies are required to provide comprehensive information concerning the information technology security employed to protect th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  agency\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s data, including documentation and reporting of remedial or corrective action plans to address any deficiencies in the information security policies, procedures, and practices of the State agency. \line 2. The legislation mandates completing mandatory
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 annual security awareness training and reporting compliance for all personnel, including contractors and other users of State information technology systems. \line \line References: \line 
1. Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\Information Technology\\N.C. Gen. Stat.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1379.pdf \line 2. Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\Information Technology\\
\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1322.pdf \line \line Texas: \line States address data privacy concerns in the realm of cybersecurity by enforcing regulations that restrict the use and disclosure \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
f criminal history record information obtained from the department. This information can only be accessed by authorized recipients and can be disclosed or utilized based on specific authorizations outlined in statutes, rules, or court orders. \line \line 
References\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2054.512.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7
\loch\f1  2054.5191.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2157.007.pdf \line \line California: \line I don't have any infor\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ation to work for that question. \line \line Montana: \line 
According to legislation code 30-14-1704, states address data privacy concerns in the realm of cybersecurity by requiring businesses to disclose breaches of personal information to affected individuals in Monta\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a. Specifically: \line 1) Businesses must disclose breaches of personal information without unreasonable delay to Montana residents if their unencrypted personal information has been acquired by an unauthorized person. 
\line 2) Notification may be delayed if law en\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 orcement determines it could impede a criminal investigation. \line 
3) Personal information includes specific data elements like social security numbers, account numbers, and medical record information. \line 4) Notice of breaches can be provided through various me\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 hods such as written notice, electronic notice, telephonic notice, or substitute notice. \line 
5) A business maintaining internal notification procedures for personal information security is considered compliant if notifications are made promptly. \line 6) Business\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s must coordinate with consumer reporting agencies when disclosing security breaches that may involve obtaining a copy of the individual's file. \line 
7) Any person or business issuing a notification must submit an electronic copy to the attorney general's con\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 umer protection office. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law
\\Montana\\Identity Theft\\30-14-1704 Computer security breach.pdf (Contexts 1-3) \line \line Massachusetts: \line States address data privacy concerns in the realm of cybersecurity by requiring notice of s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
curity breaches. Entities must provide notice without unreasonable delay when they know or have reason to know of a breach of security or unauthorized acquisition or use of personal information. Notices must be provided to specific entities such as the at
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
orney general, director of consumer affairs, and affected residents. The Office of Consumer Affairs and Business Regulation must make information available to consumers, update reports, and instruct on public records requests. Written notification of the 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
reach must be provided to specific offices if an agency is within the executive department to comply with established procedures. The department of consumer affairs and business regulation may issue regulations interpreting and applying this section. 
\line \line Re\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 erences: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 1.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\
ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 2.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 3.pdf \line \line Iowa: \line States\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
address data privacy concerns in the realm of cybersecurity by requiring covered entities to have a cybersecurity program that reasonably conforms to an industry-recognized cybersecurity framework. These entities must also comply with specific laws and re
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ulations, such as the payment card industry data security standard, in addition to using recognized cybersecurity frameworks. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\
Commerce\\Iowa Code _ 554G.3.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Insurance\\Iow\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Code _ 507F.4.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Insurance\\Iowa Code _ 507F.7.pdf \line 
4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Government\\Iowa Code _ 22.3A.pdf \line \line New Jersey: \line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  52:17B -193.3: \line \line Paragraph a: \line Every publi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 agency and government contractor shall report cybersecurity incidents to the New Jersey Office of Homeland Security and Preparedness. The report shall be made within 72 hours of when the public agency or government contractor reasonably believes that a c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 bersecurity incident has occurred. \line \line Paragraph h: \line 
Information submitted to the New Jersey Office of Homeland Security and Preparedness through the cyber incident reporting system shall be subject to privacy and protection procedures developed and impleme\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ted by the office, which shall be based on the comparable privacy protection procedures developed for information received and shared pursuant to the federal Cyber Security Information Sharing Act of 2015. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New J\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rsey\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  52_17B-193.3.pdf \line \line Washington: \line \hich\f1 
In response to data privacy concerns in the realm of cybersecurity, states address the issue by implementing various measures. According to Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450, the primary dutie\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  of the office of cybersecurity in Washington include establishing security standards and policies to protect the state\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s information technology systems and infrastructure, developing a centralized cybersecurity protocol, detecting and responding to secur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ty incidents, creating incident response plans, ensuring continuity of state business during security incidents, providing guidance on cybersecurity practices, acting as a resource for local governments, developing cybersecurity service catalogs, collabor
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ting with state agencies, defining core services for agency information technology security programs, and carrying out other necessary matters to fulfill the chapter's purposes. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\Rev. Code W\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 sh. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\
\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450(2).pdf \line \line Louisiana: \line States address data privacy concerns in the realm of cybersecurity by enacting legislation that requires licensees to \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
romptly report cybersecurity events involving nonpublic information to the relevant authorities. Specifically, in Louisiana, licensees must notify the commissioner within three business days of determining a cybersecurity event that could potentially harm
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
consumers residing in the state or affect the normal operations of the licensee, especially if the incident involves a substantial number of consumers. This notification requirement aims to ensure timely response and mitigation of cybersecurity risks. 
\line \line R\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ferences: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Insurance\\La. R.S. _ 22_2506.pdf \line \line Maine: \line \hich\f1 According to Maine Legislation Code 24-A M.R.S. \'a7
\loch\f1  2264: \line 1. "Implementation of information security program. Commensurate with the size and complexity of the lice\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 see, the nature and scope of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote 
\loch\f1 s activities, including its use of 3rd-party service providers, and the sensitivity of the nonpublic information used by the licensee or in the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s possession, custody or control, a licensee shall develop, 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 mplement and maintain a comprehensive, written information security program based on the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s risk assessment and containing administrative, technical, and physical safeguards for the protection of nonpublic information and the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s informatio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 systems." \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf \line \line Alabama: \line \hich\f1 According to Alabama legislation code \'a7\loch\f1  8-38-12: \line 
(1) Maintains procedures pursuant to those laws, rules, regulations, procedures, or guidance. \line (2) \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 P\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rovides notice to affected individuals pursuant to the notice requirements of those laws, rules, regulations, procedures, or guidance. \line 
(3) Timely provides a copy of the notice to the Attorney General when the number of individuals the entity notified exc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 eds 1,000. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Alabama\\Data Breach Notification Act\\Files(12).pdf \line \line North Dakota: \line States address data privacy concerns in the realm of cybersecurity by implementing specific measures outlined in the N.D. Cent. Code.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 These measures include advising and overseeing cybersecurity strategy for executive branch state agencies, consulting with the attorney general on cybersecurity strategy, advising and consulting with legislative and judicial branches on cybersecurity mat
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ers, and entering memorandums of understanding with other governmental entities to ensure the security of information systems and data. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  44-04-18.4.pdf \line 2) Current Cyber\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 
N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-05.pdf \line \line Alaska: \line According to NRS 597.970: \line 1. States address data privacy concerns in the realm of cybersecurity by "requiring companies to put security measures in place and making compani
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s accountable for data breaches". \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. _ 597.970.pdf 
\line \line Ohio: \line States address data privacy concerns in the realm of cybersecurity by requiring sta\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e agencies to develop an information technology security strategic plan with the assistance of the chief information security officer. This plan must be reviewed and submitted to the state chief information officer, and may need to be updated annually. Ad
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
itionally, prior to implementing any information technology data system, a state agency must prepare a privacy impact statement. The state chief information officer has the authority to review and reject purchases of information technology supplies or ser
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ices that do not comply with established information technology direction, plans, policies, standards, or project-alignment criteria. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law
\\Ohio\\Government\\ORC Ann. 125.18.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Commer\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ial Transactions\\ORC Ann. 1354.03.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\
ORC Ann. 3965.04.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\ORC Ann. 3965.02.pdf \line \line Pennsylvania: \line \hich\f1 According to 40 Pa.C.S. \'a7\loch\f1  4518, states address data privacy concerns\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
in the realm of cybersecurity by requiring licensees to notify the commissioner of a cybersecurity event involving nonpublic information in their possession. This notification must include various details such as the date of the event, description of how 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
he information was exposed or breached, actions taken to recover lost information, the source of the event, notification to regulatory agencies or law enforcement, specific types of information acquired without authorization, duration of the compromise, n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
mber of affected consumers, internal review results, remediation efforts, privacy policy copy, contact person details, and more. Licensees also have a continuing obligation to update the commissioner on any material changes related to the cybersecurity ev
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nt. Additionally, licensees must comply with the Breach of Personal Information Notification Act and provide copies of notices sent to consumers when notifying the commissioner. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1  4518.p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1 
 4513.pdf \line \line New Mexico: \line \hich\f1 States address data privacy concerns in the realm of cybersecurity by implementing legislation such as N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  9-27A-3. This law establishes a cybersecurity offic
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 that oversees cybersecurity and information security functions for agencies. The office sets minimum security standards and policies to protect agency IT systems, develops cybersecurity controls for managing IT assets, monitors networks for security inci
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ents, collaborates with other cybersecurity agencies, provides resources for local governments, establishes core services for compliance, and implements a centralized cybersecurity and data breach reporting process for agencies and political subdivisions 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f the state. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  9-27A-3.pdf \line \line Kentucky: \line 
\hich\f1 According to KRS \'a7\loch\f1  304.3 -756: \line 2(a) Each licensee shall develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive written informa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ion security program based on the licensee
\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s risk assessment that contains administrative, technical, and physical safeguards for the protection of nonpublic information and the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s information system. \line \line 
4(a) Based on its risk assessment, each lice\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
see shall design its information security program to mitigate the identified risks commensurate with the size and complexity of the licensee and the nature and scope of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s activities, including its use of third-party service providers. \line \line 7(c) \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 E\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ach licensee shall monitor, evaluate, and adjust, as appropriate, the information security program consistent with any relevant changes in technology and the sensitivity of its nonpublic information. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\In\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urance\\KRS _ 304.3-756.pdf \line \line Hawaii: \line Summary: \line 
States address data privacy concerns in cybersecurity by appointing a full-time Hawaii cybersecurity coordinator who works with various entities in sectors like power, water, communications, transportation, \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nd finance. The coordinator collaborates with different agencies and private entities to develop methods for enhancing cyber resiliency through education, cybersecurity, and critical infrastructure protection. Additionally, the coordinator can seek assist
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nce from other departments and private companies within and outside the state to fulfill their responsibilities. Cyber resiliency is defined as the ability to conduct vulnerability assessments, identify potential cyber-attacks, mitigate losses, and recove
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  efficiently from cyber-attacks. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Communications\\HRS_128B-1.pdf \line 
2) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Insurance Data Sec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rity Law\\HRS_431_3B-302.pdf \line 3) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app
\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Insurance Data Security Law\\HRS_431_3B-203.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code Minn. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  60A.9853: \line \line 1. States address data privacy
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
concerns in the realm of cybersecurity by requiring licensees to notify the commissioner of commerce or commissioner of health without unreasonable delay but no later than five business days from a determination that a cybersecurity event has occurred. 
\line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
. Licensees making the notification must provide information in electronic form as directed by the commissioner and have a continuing obligation to update and supplement initial notifications concerning material changes to previously provided information 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 elating to the cybersecurity event. \line \line 3. If a licensee is required to submit a report to the commissioner, they must notify any consumer residing in Minnesota if the consumer
\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s nonpublic information was acquired by an unauthorized person, and there is a r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
asonable likelihood of material harm to the consumer as a result of the cybersecurity event. \line \line 
4. The notification to consumers can be provided through written notice, electronic notice, or other methods if the cost exceeds a certain threshold or sufficie\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
t contact information is not available. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Insurance\\Minn. Stat. _ 60A.9853.pdf \line \line South Dakota: \line \hich\f1 According to S.D. Codified Laws \'a7\loch\f1  1-27-1.5: \line 
\line 1) Data privacy concerns in the realm of cybersecurity are ad\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ressed by including provisions that exempt certain records from disclosure, such as personal information in educational records, medical records, trade secrets, attorney work product, law enforcement records, personnel information, security-related record
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
, personally identified private citizen account payment information, social security numbers, and other personally identifying numbers or codes. These exemptions aim to protect the privacy and security of individuals and entities from unauthorized disclos
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 re or access. \line \line 
2) Furthermore, records related to emergency or disaster response, safety or security audits, examination data for licensure or academic credit, personal correspondence of public officials or employees, and certain confidential settlement 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 greements or litigations are also safeguarded to address data privacy concerns in cybersecurity. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Dakota\\Government\\\hich\f1 
S.D. Codified Laws \'a7\loch\f1  1-27-1.5.pdf \line \line Illinois: \line States address data privacy concerns in cyb\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rsecurity by requiring licensees to develop, implement, and maintain comprehensive written information security programs based on risk assessments. These programs must include administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect nonpublic informa
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ion and information systems. The goal is to ensure the security and confidentiality of data, minimize harm to consumers, and establish retention and destruction schedules for nonpublic information. The legislation code referenced is 215 ILCS 215/10. 
\line \line Ref\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rences: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_10.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_20.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_15.pdf \line \line States address data privacy concerns i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 the realm of cybersecurity by implementing legislation that requires licensees to promptly investigate cybersecurity events, maintain records for at least five years, notify the commissioner within three business days of significant events, and update no
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ifications as needed. They must also comply with relevant laws and provide copies of consumer notices to the commissioner if required. \line Yo}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid1139762 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid1139762 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e500000000000000000000000010ad
9e46eeddda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}