{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff1\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f52\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f441\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f442\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f444\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f445\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f446\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f447\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f448\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f449\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1263605\rsid2376706\rsid7824290\rsid16219114}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}
{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min47}{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min53}{\version4}{\edmins0}{\nofpages14}{\nofwords5280}{\nofchars30096}{\nofcharsws35306}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot2376706 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16219114 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q40. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid16219114 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Do the regulations adequately address supply chain cybersecurity risks, or are there gaps in oversight and accountability for suppliers and subcontractors}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid16219114 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid2376706 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid16219114 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid16219114 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5. Arizona 
\line 6. Colorado \line 7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island \line 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 18. Oregon \line 
19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. South Carolina \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 23. Indiana \line 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. Kansas \line 28. Arkansas \line 29. Idaho \line 
30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 40. Alabama \line 41.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 North Dakota \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. New Mexico \line 46. Kentucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 50. Illinois \line \line New Hampshire: \line 
Summary: The regulations require licensees to develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
written information security program based on a risk assessment. They must design the program to mitigate identified risks and exercise due diligence in selecting and overseeing third-party service providers to ensure appropriate security measures are in 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lace. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420-P_4.pdf \line \line Delaware: \line \hich\f1 The response provided details from 18 Del. C. 
\'a7\loch\f1  8604 regarding the objectives of an information security program, oversight of third-party service provi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
er arrangements, and adjustments to the program. The regulations outline measures to protect nonpublic information, secure information systems, exercise due diligence in selecting third-party service providers, and make program adjustments based on variou
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 factors. It addresses cybersecurity risks in supply chain by emphasizing the need for protection, secure measures, due diligence, and adaptability in response to changes. Reference: Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8604.pdf 
\line \line Vir\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 inia: \line \hich\f1 According to Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-623: \line \line B. Each licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s information security program shall be designed to: \line 1. Protect the security and confidentiality of nonpublic information and the security of the information system; \line 2. Protect against any\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 reasonably foreseeable threats or hazards to the security or integrity of nonpublic information and the information system; \line 
3. Protect against unauthorized access to or use of nonpublic information, and minimize the likelihood of harm to any consumer; an\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 
4. Define and periodically reevaluate a schedule for retention of nonpublic information and a mechanism for its destruction. \line \line E. Beginning July 1, 2022, if a licensee utilizes a third-party service provider, the licensee shall: \line 
1. Exercise due diligen\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e in selecting its third-party service provider; and \line 
2. Require a third-party service provider to implement appropriate administrative, technical, and physical measures to protect and secure the information systems and nonpublic information that are acce\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sible to, or held by, the third-party service provider. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-623.pdf \line \line New York: \line \hich\f1 
According to NY CLS Exec \'a7\loch\f1  709: \line \line 1. The regulations address various aspects of homeland secur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ty and emergency services, including overseeing and coordinating resources, developing policies to prevent and respond to terrorist acts, coordinating information sharing among agencies, assessing public health systems' preparedness, coordinating strategi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s for potential terrorist acts, and developing plans for recovery from disasters and infrastructure protection. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app
\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Government\\\hich\f1 NY CLS Exec \'a7\loch\f1 709.pdf \line \line Arizona: \line Base\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 on the information available, the regulations do address supply chain cybersecurity risks, ensuring oversight and accountability for suppliers and subcontractors. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Cali\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ornia\\Transportation\\Ca. Veh. Code _ 16500-16509.pdf \line \line Colorado: \line According to Legislation code C.R.S. 24-33.5-1905: \line \line 
(1) The legislation addresses supply chain cybersecurity risks by outlining guidelines for research and development partnerships to esta\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
lish a secure environment for industrial cyber products and techniques. \line \line 
(2) The legislation also emphasizes the importance of establishing relationships with federal agencies, such as the United States Department of Defense and the Department of Homelan\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 Security, for administrative partnership to ensure cybersecurity measures and certifications. \line \line 
(3) Furthermore, the legislation mandates that the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs may only participate in cybersecurity-related activities upon th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 approval of the Board of Regents, ensuring oversight and accountability for such initiatives. \line \line 
Therefore, based on the provided context, the regulations in C.R.S. 24-33.5-1905 adequately address supply chain cybersecurity risks with specific guidelines \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nd oversight mechanisms in place. 
\line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\C.R.S. 24-33.5-1905.pdf \line \line Georgia: \line \hich\f1 According to O.C.G.A. \'a7\loch\f1  38-3-22.2: \line \line 
(a) As used in this Code section, the term "Agency" includes various branches and\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 subdivisions of the state, excluding entities involved in electric or gas service provision. \line 
(b) Every agency and utility is required to report cyber attacks, data breaches, or malware incidents, with specific reporting requirements specified. \line (c) Utili\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ies must report incidents to the director of emergency management and homeland security, following federal reporting requirements. \line (d) Reports or records produced under this Code section are not subject to public inspection or disclosure. \line 
(e) The regula\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ions do not relieve agencies or utilities of any obligation to notify affected individuals of cyber attacks, data breaches, or malware incidents. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\Military\\O.C.G.A. _ 38-3-22.2.pdf \line \line Vermont: \line Summary: Th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  regulations, as outlined in legislation code 8 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1 
 4728, address supply chain cybersecurity risks by requiring licensees to develop comprehensive written information security programs based on risk assessments. Licensees must identify potential thre\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ts, exercise due diligence in selecting third-party service providers, and monitor and adjust their information security programs as needed to address changes in technology and the supply chain. \line \line References: 
\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Financia\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 8 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4728.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Cybersecurity\\\hich\f1 20 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1 
 4662.pdf \line \line Wyoming: \line According to Transportation Security Act of 2019, there are gaps in oversight and accountability for suppliers and subcontractors with regard to supp\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y chain cybersecurity risks. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Transportation\\Security Act of 2019.pdf \line \line Rhode Island: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civ. Code 
\'a7\loch\f1  1798.100: \line a. When the California Department o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Technology adopts a regulation, guideline, or standard relating to cybersecurity, it must consider: \line 
1. Whether the regulation, guideline, or standard aligns with the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) cybersecurity framework. \line 2. Whet\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
er the regulation, guideline, or standard is written using performance-based language. \line 
b. The California Department of Technology must also ensure that the regulated entities can demonstrate and maintain compliance over time. This includes reporting requ\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rements for verifying compliance with the regulations and standards. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.100.pdf 
\line \line Nebraska: \line According to the Federal Acquisiti\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n Regulation (FAR) 52.204-21: \line 1. The regulations adequately address supply chain cybersecurity risks. \line 
2. There are no gaps in oversight and accountability for suppliers and subcontractors. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\FAR\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 52.204-21.pdf \line \line Nevada: \line 
Summary of Response: The response emphasizes the importance of protecting information systems for the welfare of the people, especially in critical infrastructure like transportation. It highlights the need to identify vulnerabili
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ies, address cybersecurity threats in both public and private sectors, have strategic plans to respond to incidents, promote collaboration for information sharing, involve institutions of higher education for a skilled workforce, and enact provisions to m
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tigate risks to information systems and cyberinfrastructure. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 480.900.pdf \line \line Michigan: \line \hich\f1 According to MCLS \'a7\loch\f1  500.555: \line 3) A licensee shall do all of the following: \line (a) D\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
signate 1 or more employees, an affiliate, or an outside vendor to act on behalf of the licensee that is responsible for the information security program. \line 
(b) Identify reasonably foreseeable internal or external threats that could result in unauthorized \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ccess, transmission, disclosure, misuse, alteration, or destruction of nonpublic information, including the security of information systems and nonpublic information that are accessible to, or held by, third-party service providers. \line \line 
6) A licensee shall \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
xercise due diligence in selecting its third-party service provider. A licensee shall require a third-party service provider to implement appropriate administrative, technical, and physical measures to protect and secure the information systems and nonpub
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ic information that are accessible to, or held by, the third-party service provider. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS _ 500.555.pdf \line 
\line Florida: \line \hich\f1 The regulations outlined in Fla. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  282.318 address supply chain cybers\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
curity risks by adopting rules to mitigate risks, safeguard digital assets, and support a security governance framework through the Florida Digital Service. The regulations also include guidelines for asset management, risk assessment, cybersecurity audit
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
, protection procedures, and access control. Additionally, agencies are required to develop strategic and operational cybersecurity plans and submit after-action reports following cybersecurity incidents. \line \line Reference: Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Florida\\Inf\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rmation Technology\\Fla. Stat. _ 282.318.pdf \line \line Missouri: \line According to H.R. 8158 - National Cyber Director Act: \line 
Section 4(f)(15) states, "Assessing supply chain risks and coordinating efforts to mitigate threats from products or services that present the \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ost significant concerns, including by defining criteria for evaluating those concerns, establishing a process for tracking and monitoring products or services that pose the most significant concerns, and coordinating with relevant interagency processes f
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r evaluating and assessing controlled equipment produced or purchased by the Federal Government for cybersecurity vulnerabilities and potential threats." \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\
Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Transportation\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 H\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 .R. 8158 - National Cyber Director Act.pdf \line \line Wisconsin: \line \hich\f1 
According to Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952: \line 1. The regulations require licensees to "Implement appropriate administrative, technical, and physical measures to protect and \line secure the information systems and\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nonpublic information that are accessible to or held by the 3rd-party service provider." (6a) \line 
2. Licensees must also make "reasonable efforts to require a 3rd-party service provider to report a cybersecurity event under s. 601.954." (6b) \line \line Therefore, the\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
regulations address supply chain cybersecurity risks by emphasizing the importance of securing information systems and mandating that third-party service providers report cybersecurity events. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Wisconsin\\Insuranc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952.pdf \line \line Tennessee: \line \hich\f1 The response outlines specific requirements from Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 56-2-1004 related to cybersecurity measures for licensees and third-party service providers. These requirements include implementing information saf\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
guards, designing an information security program, exercising due diligence in selecting third-party service providers, and creating an incident response plan. The regulations focus on managing cybersecurity threats, assessing safeguards' effectiveness, a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d ensuring third-party service providers implement appropriate security measures to protect information systems and nonpublic information. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004.pdf \line \line Oregon: \line According\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 to Cyber Supply Chain Risk Management Act of 2021: 
\line 1. The Regulations require that: \line a. "The Secretary of Transportation shall establish regulations to manage cybersecurity risks in the supply chain of suppliers and subcontractors" (Section 4, Definition\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 , a). \line b. "The regulations shall identify supply chain cybersecurity risks and best practices for addressing such risks" (Section 4, Definitions, b). \line 
c. "The regulations shall include a reporting requirement for suppliers and subcontractors" (Section 4, \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 D\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 efinitions, c). \line \line 2. Oversight and accountability: \line 
a. The regulations address supply chain cybersecurity risks by establishing reporting requirements for suppliers and subcontractors (Section 4, Definitions, c). \line b. Regarding gaps in oversight and accoun\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ability, the regulations aim to identify risks and best practices for addressing such risks but specific details on enforcement and accountability measures are not explicitly outlined in the provided context. \line \line 
Reference: \line 1) Regulations\\Cyber Supply Chai\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Risk Management Act of 2021. \line \line Connecticut: \line \hich\f1 Summary: The regulations in Conn. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 38a-38 address supply chain cybersecurity risks by requiring licensees to design information security programs to mitigate risks, determine and implement appropri\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
te security measures including multifactor authentication, stay informed about emerging threats, and share information responsibly. Confidentiality of information shared with the department is protected and can be shared with authorized entities under agr
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ements ensuring confidentiality. \line \line Reference: \line Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Insurance\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 38a-38.pdf \line \line Mississippi: \line 
According to Miss. Code Ann. 83-5-807: \line \line 1) The licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s information security program shall be designed to prote\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
t against unauthorized access to or use of nonpublic information, including by third-party service providers (paragraph 3). \line 
2) The licensee shall identify reasonably foreseeable internal or external threats that could result in unauthorized access, trans\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ission, disclosure, misuse, alteration, or destruction of nonpublic information, including that held by third-party service providers (paragraph 3). \line 
3) The licensee must exercise due diligence in selecting third-party service providers and require them t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 implement appropriate measures to protect information systems and nonpublic information (paragraph 6). \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Insurance\\
Miss. Code Ann. _ 83-5-807.pdf \line 2) Current\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Government\\Miss. Code Ann. _ 25-53-201.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line \hich\f1 According to Utah Code \'a7
\loch\f1  63H-1-502: \line a. An entity shall ensure that its software and hardware suppliers comply with appropriate industry-recognized cybersecurity practic\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s; \line 
b. For critical software or hardware, an entity shall verify compliance with security requirements before acquisition, installation, or implementation; \line 
c. For each critical software or hardware where a supplier provides updates, maintenance, patches,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 or other services after acquisition, an entity shall: \line 
i. Secure the updates, maintenance, patches, or services; \line ii. Monitor public and private sources for relevant vulnerability disclosures; and \line iii. Evaluate and test the updates, maintenance, patches,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 or services before deployment. \line 
d. An entity shall establish and implement a process to manage cybersecurity risk for the acquisition of information technology products and services to enforce compliance with requirements under this part. \line \line References: \line 1
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 )\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Utah Code Title 63H Chapter 1 Part 5.pdf \line \line South Carolina: \line 
The response highlights that regulations address supply chain cybersecurity risks by requiring licensees to develop comp\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ehensive information security programs, conduct risk assessments, include cybersecurity risks in enterprise risk management, exercise due diligence in selecting third-party service providers, and establish incident response plans. These measures aim to mi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 igate risks and ensure the protection of nonpublic information shared with third-party providers. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\Insurance\\
\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20.pdf \line \line Indiana: \line \hich\f1 According to Calif. Pub. Util. Code \'a7\loch\f1  8385: \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
. The regulations in place provide a robust framework for addressing supply chain cybersecurity risks by requiring energy sector entities to develop cybersecurity supply chain risk management plans. \line 
2. The regulations also establish oversight responsibil\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ties for suppliers and subcontractors to ensure compliance with cybersecurity requirements and to hold them accountable for any deficiencies. \line 
3. Therefore, the regulations adequately address supply chain cybersecurity risks and establish accountability f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r suppliers and subcontractors within the energy sector. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Documents\\Legislation\\Calif. Pub. Util. Code\\\hich\f1 Calif. Pub. Util. Code \'a7\loch\f1  8385.pdf \line \line Utah: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 The regulations under Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 63A-16-214 address supply chain cybersec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rity risks by requiring consideration of third-party cloud computing solutions meeting industry standards and preferring zero trust architecture solutions aligning with federal guidelines. Oversight and accountability for suppliers and subcontractors are 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nsured through the establishment of an approved vendor list for zero trust architecture services. Additionally, executive branch agencies must provide written explanations if procurement of third-party cloud solutions is found infeasible. \line \line 
Reference: \line 1)\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-16-214.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\
Cybersecurity Affirmative Defense Act\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  78B-4-703.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-16-1102.pd\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line West Virginia: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Gov't Code \'a7\loch\f1  11549.3: \line 
"Each contract entered into by a state agency which requires the contractor to collect, store, or otherwise maintain any state owned data shall include a requirement that the contractor, or subco\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tractor, as applicable, implement information security controls to ensure the integrity, confidentiality, and security of the data." \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\
Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislations\\Californa\\Cal. Gov't Code\\Cal. Gov't Co\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 e \'a7\loch\f1  11549.3.pdf \line \line Maryland: \line Summary: \line 
The response outlines the requirements for State government units regarding cybersecurity preparedness assessments, reporting cybersecurity incidents, data inventory, vendor interconnections, cybersecurity training, \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 I
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
T budget breakdown, major IT initiatives, future IT plans, compliance with master plan, and key performance indicators. The regulations emphasize reporting cybersecurity incidents to the State Chief Information Security Officer following specific criteria
,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  reporting methods, and timeframes. \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Government\\Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.5-406.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\
Government\\Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 -317.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Government\\Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.5-2A.04.pdf 
\line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Insurance\\Md. Insurance Code Ann. _ 33-103.pdf \line \line Kansas: \line \hich\f1 According to legislation code K.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 7\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5-7240: 
\line 1) The regulations primarily focus on the responsibilities of executive branch agency heads in securing data and information technology resources under their purview, including implementing appropriate safeguards and participating in cybersecurit
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  initiatives. \line 
2) The regulations do address cybersecurity risks related to suppliers and subcontractors by requiring agencies to include all appropriate cybersecurity requirements in their procurement specifications for data and information technology sy
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tems and services. \line 
3) Additionally, in the event of a breach or unauthorized exposure of personal or confidential information, agencies are required to comply with notification requirements and inform the Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) within 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 4\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 8 hours. \line 
4) However, there may be a gap in oversight and accountability for suppliers and subcontractors as the regulations do not explicitly outline specific measures for monitoring or ensuring cybersecurity compliance within the supply chain. \line \line Referen
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 es: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\K.S.A. _ 75-7240.pdf \line \line Arkansas: \line According to the Surface Transportation and Public Area Security Act of 2019: 
\line 5. The regulations do address supply chain cybersecurity risks, including requirements per\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 aining to suppliers and subcontractors, as outlined in Section 2104. \line 
6. There are specific provisions for oversight and accountability for suppliers and subcontractors, which aim to bolster cybersecurity protections and ensure compliance across the suppl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 chain. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\Transportation-Cybersecurity-Legislation\\Surface-Transportation-and-Public-Area-Security-Act-2019.pdf \line \line Idaho: \line 
According to Code of Federal Regulations Title 49, Subtitle B, Chapter V: \line \line 1) There are gaps\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
in oversight with regard to supply chain cybersecurity risks. The regulations do not adequately address these risks. \line 2) The accountability for suppliers and subcontractors is not clearly defined or enforced. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\
Users\\User\\Transportation\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Cybersecurity\\Regulations\\Federal Regulations Title 49.pdf \line \line North Carolina: \line According to House Report 115-105, page 13: \line 
The committee is particularly concerned about a wide range of cybersecurity risks, including supply chain cybersecurity risks. For e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 x\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ample, the committee is concerned about hardware and software devices and systems that are sent to the U.S. for deployment in transportation systems containing malware or other vulnerabilities that could harm or damage systems and the information stored w
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 thin them. \line \line References: \line 1) House Report 115-105 \line \line Texas: \line Summary: The legislation outlined in Tex. Gov\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 \hich\f1 t Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 2054.512 focuses on establishing best practices and enhancing the cybersecurity workforce's capabilities. However, it does not explicitly ad\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ress oversight and accountability concerning supply chain cybersecurity risks for suppliers and subcontractors. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2054.512.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\Tex. Code \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'a7\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  2054.518.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Govt Code \'a7\loch\f1  411.084.pdf \line 
\line California: \line \hich\f1 According to 49 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  114(q): \line a. The regulations do adequately address supply chain cybersecurity risks; \line b. The regulations address gaps in ov\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rsight and accountability for suppliers and subcontractors. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\US Code\\Title 49 - Transportation\\\hich\f1 
49 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  114(q).pdf \line \line Montana: \line I'm sorry, but I cannot provide an a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
swer without the specific context or information on regulations related to transportation cybersecurity. Please provide the necessary context or details for me to generate an accurate response. \line \line Massachusetts: \line 
The regulations in Massachusetts, as outlin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 d in ALM GL ch. 93H, \'a7\loch\f1 
 2, aim to safeguard personal information of residents by considering the entity's size, resources, data storage, and the need for security and confidentiality of consumer and employee information. Various departments are required to
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 establish rules or regulations to ensure security and confidentiality of customer information. Reference: Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 2.pdf \line 
\line Iowa: \line Summary: The regulations address supply chain cybersecurity risks b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 requiring covered entities to adhere to industry-recognized cybersecurity frameworks and comply with specific laws such as the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act and the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. If a covered entity's cybersecurity
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 program conforms to multiple frameworks, they must update it accordingly. This ensures oversight and accountability for suppliers and subcontractors. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Commerce\\Iowa Code _ 554G.3.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Law\\Iowa\\Insurance\\Iowa Code _ 507F.4.pdf \line \line New Jersey: \line 
The response highlights that the regulations adequately address supply chain cybersecurity risks for water purveyors by requiring them to update their cybersecurity programs according to industry-r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
cognized frameworks. This includes oversight and accountability measures such as revising programs in response to framework updates, submitting annual compliance certifications, potential audits for non-compliant systems, and providing proof of compliance
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 when requested. The Board is tasked with updating program requirements to ensure alignment with industry standards. \line \line References: \line 1. Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\
Utilities\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  58_31-4.1.pdf \line \line Washington: \line The response discusses specific \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 equirements outlined in Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1 
 71.24.898, including the approval process for a technology solutions plan and the contents that must be included in the plan. However, it does not directly address whether the regulations adequately address\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 supply chain cybersecurity risks or if there are gaps in oversight and accountability for suppliers and subcontractors. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 
Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  71.24.898.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450(2).pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450.pdf \line \line Louisiana: \line The response states that regulations require licensees to have information securit
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 programs to protect nonpublic information, including measures like threat assessments, safeguards, testing, and incident response plans. It also mandates due diligence in selecting third-party providers and ensuring they implement security measures. Comp
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
iance certification and record-keeping for five years are also highlighted. In conclusion, the regulations address supply chain cybersecurity risks by outlining security measures, due diligence for third-party providers, incident response planning, and co
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 pliance certification processes to ensure oversight and accountability for suppliers and subcontractors. \line \line References: \line \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Insurance
\\La. R.S. _ 22_2504.pdf \line \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Government\\La. R.S. _\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 42_1267.pdf \line \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Insurance\\
La. R.S. _ 22_2506.pdf \line \line Maine: \line \hich\f1 The response highlights that under Legislation code 24-A M.R.S. \'a7\loch\f1  2264, licensees are required to conduct risk assessments, identify threats to nonpublic infor
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ation, assess potential damage, evaluate existing safeguards, and annually review the effectiveness of controls and procedures. This shows a comprehensive approach to addressing cybersecurity risks within supply chains. However, there is no specific menti
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n of oversight and accountability for suppliers and subcontractors in the summarized response. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\
24-A M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf \line \line Alabama: \line According to the U.S. DOT NVSRA Section 9.7.4: \line regulations have g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ps in oversight and accountability for suppliers and subcontractors. 
\line \line References: \line 1) U.S. DOT NVSRA Section 9.7.4 \line \line North Dakota: \line The response highlights that the regulations require licensees to designate individuals responsible for information securi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y, identify threats, conduct due diligence when selecting third-party service providers, and monitor and adjust the information security program in response to changes. The regulations also specify that third-party service providers must implement measure
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  to protect and secure nonpublic information. It references the N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-03 for more details. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-03.pdf \line \line Alaska: \line Based on the information in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 the context: \line \line 
According to SARA Title VI (Federal Legislation): \line 1. The regulation provides for the prioritization of supply chain cybersecurity risks and a focus on "critical" suppliers and subcontractors. \line 2. The regulation mandates cybersecurity plans
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 and assessments for these critical suppliers, ensuring systematic oversight and accountability. \line 
3. While the oversight framework is robust, there may still be opportunities to enhance accountability mechanisms for suppliers and subcontractors. \line \line Referenc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s: \line 1) C:\\Users\\
User\\Box\\TraCR\\Legal Docs\\SARA Title VI - Transportation Cybersecurity Regulations.pdf \line \line Ohio: \line 
Summary: The regulations require licensees to develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive written information security program based on ri\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
k assessment. They must protect nonpublic information, secure information systems, and exercise due diligence when selecting and overseeing third-party service providers. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\
ORC Ann. 3965.02.pdf \line 2) \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urrent Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Commercial Transactions\\ORC Ann. 1354.03.pdf \line \line Pennsylvania: \line 
According to the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework (NIST CSF), there are guidelines for managing cybersecurity supply chain ri\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ks that include: \line \line 
1. Cybersecurity supply chain risk management practices shall be identified, incorporated, and assessed throughout the organization. \line 2. Suppliers and subcontractors shall be identified and the organization shall determine how they impa
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t cybersecurity risk. \line 3. Security requirements shall be communicated to suppliers and subcontractors. \line 4. Verifications shall be conducted through assessments and audits. \line 
\line These guidelines ensure that there is oversight and accountability for suppliers \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nd subcontractors, addressing supply chain cybersecurity risks. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\
Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\NIST Cybersecurity Framework Guidelines.pdf \line \line New Mexico: \line I'm sorry, but I don't have any specific info\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
mation or contexts provided in the question. If you can share more details or specifics related to transportation cybersecurity legislations, I'll be happy to assist you further. \line \line Kentucky: \line \hich\f1 
The response indicates that regulations, as per KRS \'a7\loch\f1  292.336, \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
equire investment advisers to establish cybersecurity policies and procedures to protect client records, confidential information, and ensure the integrity, availability, and confidentiality of information. These measures cover functions like identificati
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
n, protection, detection, response, and recovery. Investment advisers must review these policies annually and maintain previous versions for three years, ensuring effectiveness in addressing cybersecurity risks in the supply chain. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Curre\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Finance\\KRS _ 292.336.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Insurance\\KRS _ 304.3-756.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Insurance\\KRS _ 304.3-760.pdf \line \line Hawaii: \line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code HRS \'a7\loch\f1  431:3B -203: \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
. The regulations adequately address supply chain cybersecurity risks by: \line a. Designing the information security program to mitigate identified risks, commensurate with the size and complexity of activities, \line 
b. Implementing appropriate security measures \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 uch as access controls and encryption for nonpublic information, \line c. Using effective controls like multi-factor authentication procedures, 
\line d. Regularly testing and monitoring systems and procedures to detect attacks or intrusions, \line e. Including cybersecu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ity risks in the enterprise risk management process, \line 
f. Staying informed about emerging threats or vulnerabilities and using reasonable security measures for sharing information, \line g. Providing personnel with cybersecurity awareness training that reflects\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 identified risks. \line \line 2. There are no specific mentions regarding oversight and accountability for suppliers and subcontractors in the provided context. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Insurance \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 D\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ata Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-203.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line 
The response provided in the given document does not address the question about whether the regulations adequately address supply chain cybersecurity risks or if there are gaps in oversight and accountab\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lity for suppliers and subcontractors.Instead, it seems to be a collection of unrelated texts and questions. \line \line Reference: \line 
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/ask5?search-results=15332824variety-of-ways-to-enter-the-given-input \line \line South Dakota: \line According \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 o 23 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  504: 
\line The regulations issued must include requirements for cybersecurity risk management of State departments of transportation, metropolitan planning organizations, and public transportation agencies, focusing on coordination and sharing
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 of information among agencies to ensure the security of transportation infrastructure, assets, and systems. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\United States\\Transportation\\\hich\f1 23 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  504.pdf \line \line Illino\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s: \line According to Legislation code 215 ILCS 215/10: \line \line 
3(c): "A licensee shall identify reasonably foreseeable internal or external threats that could result in unauthorized access, transmission, disclosure, misuse, alteration, or destruction of nonpublic i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 formation, including the security of information systems and nonpublic information that are accessible to or held by third-party service providers." \line \line 
3(f): "A licensee shall exercise due diligence in selecting its third-party service provider." \line \line Therefo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e, the Illinois regulations adequately address supply chain cybersecurity risks by requiring licensees to identify threats related to third-party service providers and exercise due diligence in selecting them. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\I\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 linois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_10.pdf \line \line \hich\f1 The regulations outlined in Calif. Pub. Util. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 8385 provide a robust framework for addressing supply chain cybersecurity risks within the energy sector. The regulations establish oversight responsibilities for \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
uppliers and subcontractors to ensure compliance with cybersecurity requirements and hold them accountable for any deficiencies. Therefore, the regulations adequately address supply chain cybersecurity risks and establish accountability for suppliers and 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ubcontractors within the energy sector}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid16219114 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16219114 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e500000000000000000000000010e6
513103deda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}