{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff1\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f52\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f441\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f442\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f444\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f445\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f446\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f447\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f448\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f449\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1263605\rsid2376706\rsid6495659\rsid7824290}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}
{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min47}{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min54}{\version4}{\edmins0}{\nofpages14}{\nofwords5656}{\nofchars32242}{\nofcharsws37823}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot2376706 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6495659 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q42. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid6495659 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Do the regulations impose clear requirements for breach notification and communication with affected individuals, or are there loopholes that could allow organizations to delay or obscure such notifications}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid6495659 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid2376706 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid6495659 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid6495659 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line 5. Arizona 
\line 6. Colorado \line 7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island \line 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 18. Oregon \line 
19. Connec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 icut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. South Carolina \line 23. Indiana \line 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. Kansas \line 
28. Arkansas \line 29. Idaho \line 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 7. Washington 
\line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 40. Alabama \line 41. North Dakota \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. New Mexico \line 46. Kentucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 50. Illinois 
\line \line New Hampshire: \line Summary: \line The regulations outlined in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
RSA 420-P:6 require licensees to notify the commissioner within 3 business days of a cybersecurity event that could harm consumers or impact operations, or if nonpublic information involving 250+ consumers is breached. Licensees must also notify consumers
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 as per RSA 359-C:20 and provide a copy of the notice to the commissioner. Third-party service providers must notify as well unless the provider already informed the commissioner. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420-\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 P\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 _6.pdf \line \line Delaware: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 The regulations in Legislation code 6 Del. C. \'a7
\loch\f1  12B -102 mandate organizations to notify affected individuals of any breach of security without unreasonable delay, with a deadline of 60 days after determining the breach. If t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e breach affects over 500 Delaware residents, the Attorney General must also be informed. In cases involving Social Security number breaches, credit monitoring services must be provided for a year. Alternative methods for providing breach notifications ar
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  outlined for specific personal information breaches in subsection (f). \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\
Data breach Notification\\_ 12B-102. Disclosure of breach of security; notice.pdf \line 2) Cu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rent Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8606.pdf \line \line Virginia: \line 
\hich\f1 Summary: Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-626 requires licensees to notify consumers of any cybersecurity event involving unauthorized access to their nonpublic information that could lead t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  identity theft or fraud. Notice can be given through postal address, telephone, or electronic means. Notification can be delayed if authorized by law enforcement for investigation or national security reasons. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 V\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 irginia\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-626.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Criminal\\\hich\f1 
Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  18.2-186.6.pdf \line \line New York: \line \hich\f1 The response outlines the breach notification requirements under NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1  208. It specifies fac\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ors to determine unauthorized access to information, methods of providing notice to affected individuals (written, electronic, telephone, or substitute notice), and the content required in the notification. Regardless of the method used, the notification 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ust include contact information for the state entity and relevant state/federal agencies. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Internet Security and Privacy Act
\\_ 208.pdf (Context 1-3) \line \line Arizona: \line According to California Civil Code, Section\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  1798.198 and 1798.199: \line 
1. Notification must be made in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay. \line 2. If notice is delayed as a result of law enforcement, notification can be provided after law enforcement determines that it won't 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ompromise criminal investigation. \line 3. Loopholes may exist allowing delay in notification for organization to coordinate with law enforcement agencies. \line \line References: \line 1) C:
\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\State \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 egislation\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\'a7\loch\f1  1798.198, 1798.199.pdf \line \line Colorado: 
\line According to C.R.S. 6-1-716: \line 1) The regulations impose clear requirements for breach notification and communication with affected individuals. The covered entity shall conduct a prompt inve\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tigation to determine the likelihood of misuse of personal information about a Colorado resident. Notice must be given to affected Colorado residents without unreasonable delay, not later than thirty days after the date of determination that a security br
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ach occurred. The notice must include specific information such as the date of the security breach, description of the personal information acquired, contact information for the covered entity, toll-free numbers for consumer reporting agencies and the fed
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ral trade commission, and information about fraud alerts and security freezes. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Consumer Protection Act\\
C.R.S. 6-1-716.pdf \line \line Georgia: \line I am sorry, I cannot provide an answer as the necessary context to f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rmulate a response to the question about breach notification requirements is missing. Please provide the relevant information for me to assist you. \line \line Vermont: \line \hich\f1 According to 9 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  2435: \line \line 
1) The regulations clearly outline requirements for breach noti\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ication and communication with affected individuals. Notice of the security breach must be made in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, but not later than 45 days after the discovery or notification, consistent with the legitim
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 te needs of the law enforcement agency. \line 
2) Any data collector that maintains or possesses computerized data containing personally identifiable information or login credentials that the data collector does not own or license shall notify the owner or lice\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 see of the information of any security breach immediately following discovery of the breach, consistent with the legitimate needs of law enforcement. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\
Commerce\\\hich\f1 9 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  2435.pdf \line \line Wyoming: \line The response\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
provided details the regulations in Wyoming related to breach notification requirements for organizations handling personal identifying information of Wyoming residents. The regulations state that organizations must promptly investigate security breaches,
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
determine likelihood of misuse, and notify affected individuals in Wyoming without unreasonable delay. Notification methods can include written notice, electronic mail notice, or substitute notice under certain conditions. Any entity holding data for anot
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
er business must also disclose breaches promptly, and the attorney general can take legal action for non-compliance. Compliance with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act can also ensure compliance with this section. \line \line 
Reference: Current\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Cybersecurity Law\\Wyoming\\Data Breach Notification\\\hich\f1 Wyo. Stat. -\'ba\loch\f1  40-12-502.pdf \line \line Rhode Island: \line 
According to NIST SP 800-53 Revision 5: \line 4. Do the regulations impose clear requirements for breach notification and communication with affected individuals, T\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ere are specific control enhancements that address breach notification and communication requirements, such as RA-5 (RA-5(3)), but organizations may potentially exploit ambiguities or weaknesses in the controls to delay or obscure notifications if there a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e such loopholes. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST)\\
NIST SP 800-53 Rev. 5.pdf \line \line Nebraska: \line \hich\f1 According to R.R.S. Neb. \'a7\loch\f1  87-803: \line 1. An individual or a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
commercial entity that conducts business in Nebraska and owns or licenses computerized data containing personal information about a Nebraska resident must conduct an investigation when aware of a breach of security to determine if personal information wil
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 be used for an unauthorized purpose. If unauthorized use is likely or has occurred, notice must be given to the affected resident without unreasonable delay, considering law enforcement needs and breach scope assessment. \line 
2. If breach notice to a residen\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  is required, the individual or entity must also inform the Attorney General without delay. \line 
3. If an entity maintains data it does not own or license and identifies a security breach impacting Nebraska resident information, it must cooperate with the own\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
r or licensee by sharing relevant breach information but excluding proprietary data. \line 
4. Notification may be delayed if law enforcement believes it would hinder a criminal investigation, but must be made promptly once notification no longer impedes the in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 q\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 uiry. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nebraska\\Financial\\\hich\f1 R.R.S. Neb. \'a7\loch\f1  87-803.pdf \line \line Nevada: \line \hich\f1 According to Ill. Admin. Code tit. 74, \'a7\loch\f1  370.110: \line 
To provide for the telephonic notification, and where appropriate, the electronic notification, to \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ll affected individuals. Organizations are prohibited from delaying notification of a breach of the security of the system. Additionally, organizations must disclose any breach to the appropriate law enforcement agencies and the Attorney General if the br
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ach affects more than 250 Illinois residents. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\Regulations\\Illinois\\Ill. Admin. Code tit. 74.pdf 
\line \line Michigan: \line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code MCLS \'a7\loch\f1  445.72, the regulations impose clear r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
quirements for breach notification and communication with affected individuals without loopholes that could allow organizations to delay or obscure such notifications. The regulations outline specific criteria for providing notices, including the methods 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
hrough which notifications should be delivered, such as written notices, electronic notices, telephone notices, and substitute notices. Additionally, there are provisions for situations where delays in notification may be necessary, provided specific cond
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tions are met, like determining the scope of the security breach or law enforcement advice. Furthermore, there are guidelines for the content that must be included in the notice to ensure transparency and clarity for the recipients. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Curr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nt Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Commerce\\MCLS _ 445.72.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS _ 500.561.pdf \line \line Florida: \line 
\hich\f1 According to Fla. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  501.171: \line \line 1) The regulations clearly impose requirements for breach notification and commun\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
cation with affected individuals. Specifically, the covered entity must provide notice to the department of any breach of security affecting 500 or more individuals in the state, expeditiously but no later than 30 days after the determination of the breac
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 or reason to believe a breach occurred (paragraph 3(a)). Additionally, notice to individuals affected by the breach must be made as expeditiously as practicable and without unreasonable delay, but no later than 30 days after the determination of the brea
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h or reason to believe a breach occurred (paragraph 4(a)). \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Consumer Protection\\Fla. Stat. _ 501.171.pdf \line \line 
Missouri: \line \hich\f1 According to New York Gen. Bus. Law \'a7\loch\f1  899-bb: \line 1. Any person or business that owns or \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
icenses computerized data that includes private information must disclose any breach of the security of the system following discovery or notification of the breach. \line 
2. State Attorney General must be notified of any breach that affects more than 5,000 re\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 idents. \line 3. Notification must be made without unreasonable delay. \line 
4. Notifications to affected individuals must be made in the most expedient time possible without unreasonable delay, consistent with legitimate needs of law enforcement. \line 5. Delay in noti\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ication is allowed if requested by law enforcement officials \line 6. Notifications can be delayed to determine the scope of the breach and restore the integrity of the system. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User
\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\\New York\\General Business Law\\\hich\f1 N.Y. Gen. Bus. Law \'a7\loch\f1  899-bb.pdf \line \line Wisconsin: \line Summary: \line 
\hich\f1 The regulations outlined in Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.954 require organizations to notify the commissioner electronically within 3 business days of a cybersecurity event. Detai\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ed information such as the event date, affected systems, data breach details, and consumer impact must be provided. Efforts to address the event, internal review results, and notifications to supervisory entities are also mandated. Additionally, affected 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
onsumers must be notified promptly, with provisions for informing consumer reporting agencies. The notification timeline should not exceed 45 days, and consumers have the right to request information about the breached data. \line \line Reference: \line 
1) Current Cyber\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.954.pdf \line \line Tennessee: \line \hich\f1 According to Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1006: 
\line Regulation puts clear requirements for breach notification and communication with affected individuals, specifying that a licensee must notif\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 consumers within forty-five (45) days of the cybersecurity event and may provide notice through written notice, electronic notice consistent with the provisions regarding electronic records, or substitute notice if the cost exceeds $250,000 or sufficient
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
contact information is lacking. The disclosure should include various details such as the date of the cybersecurity event, how the information was compromised, efforts to recover lost information, the identity of the event source, and specific types of no
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 public information acquired without authorization. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1006.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Consumer Protection\\47-18-2107. Release of personal consumer informa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ion.pdf \line \line Oregon: \line \hich\f1 According to Vermont Stat. tit. 9, \'a7
\loch\f1  2435: \line 2. They have implemented measures to protect sensitive information, including: \line a. Warning affected individuals in the event of a security breach; \line b. Establishing requirements for notificatio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  to the Attorney General in the event of a security breach; \line c. Requiring organizations to adopt security programs to safeguard personal information. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Privacy\\Vt.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Stat. tit. 9, _ 2435.pdf \line \line Connecticut: \line \hich\f1 According to Conn. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  36a -701b: \line \line 
1. The regulations clearly impose requirements for breach notification and communication with affected individuals. The legislation specifies that notice of any breach \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
f security must be provided to any resident of the state whose personal information was breached or reasonably believed to have been breached without unreasonable delay, not later than sixty days after the discovery of such breach. Additional residents mu
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t also be notified if identified within sixty days, and notification methods include written, telephone, electronic notice, and substitute notice if necessary. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Data Breach Notification\\Conn. Gen. Sta\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 . -\'ba\loch\f1  36a-701b.pdf (Page 1 of 4) \line \line Mississippi: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 
The regulations outlined in Miss. Code Ann. \'a7\u8201\'20\loch\f1 83-5-811 clearly establish requirements for breach notification and communication with affected individuals. Licensees must promptly notify the commiss\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
oner within three business days of a cybersecurity event involving nonpublic information. Detailed information about the event must be provided, and updates on material changes are necessary. Specific requirements include electronic information disseminat
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
on, documentation of unauthorized information acquisition, and cooperation with third-party service providers. There are no mentioned loopholes that could allow organizations to delay or obscure breach notifications in the legislation. \line \line 
Reference: \line Curre\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Insurance\\Miss. Code Ann. __83-5-811.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line Summary of response: \line \hich\f1 Legislation code 24 Okl. St. 
\'a7\loch\f1  163 requires individuals or entities owning or licensing computerized data with personal information to disclose any\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
breach without unreasonable delay. Breach disclosure is necessary if encrypted information is accessed in an unencrypted form or if involving unauthorized access to encryption keys. Not owning or licensing data requires notification to the owner or licens
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e promptly. Law enforcement advice may delay notification temporarily for investigation purposes. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oklahoma\\Data Breach Notification
\\_ 163. Disclosure of Security Breach_Notice.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\O\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 k\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lahoma\\Data Breach Notification\\_ 164. Compliance.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oklahoma\\
Data Breach Notification\\_ 166. Application of Act.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oklahoma\\Data Breach Notification\\_ 162. Definitions.pdf \line \line South Carolina: \line S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
mmary: \line \hich\f1 The regulations outlined in S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 38-99-40 mandate specific information requirements for breach notification in the event of a cybersecurity incident. These requirements include details such as the date of the event, how it was discover\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d, efforts to remediate the situation, and the total number of affected consumers. The regulations leave no room for organizations to delay or obscure notifications to affected individuals. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\Insura\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ce\\\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-40.pdf \line \line Indiana: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 1798.29: \line 1. Organizations are required to provide detailed reporting, including the date or estimated date of the breach, the type of personal information that was subject \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
o the breach, and a general description of the incident. \line 2. The regulations do impose clear requirements for breach notification and communication with affected individuals. \line 
3. There are no loopholes that could allow organizations to delay or obscure su\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h notifications. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\TransportationCybersecurityLegislations\\
California\\Civil Code\\Cal. Civ. Code _ 1798.29.pdf \line \line Utah: \line Summary of response: \line \hich\f1 The regulations in Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-19-406 require governmental entities to prom\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tly notify individuals affected by a data breach after assessing its scope and mitigating any impacts, with provisions for delay at the request of law enforcement agencies. The notification must include details of the breach, accessed personal data, mitig
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tion steps, identity theft protection recommendations, and communication via email, mail, text message, or telephone. Various notification methods must be used for breaches affecting over 500 individuals with no available contact information. \line \line 
References\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-19-406.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Personal Information Protection
\\13-44-202. Personal information.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-19-405.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 pdf \line \line West Virginia: \line \hich\f1 According to Calif. Civil Code \'a7
\'a7\loch\f1  1798.80-1798.81.5: \line 1. With respect to security breach notification laws, organizations are required to provide clear requirements for breach notification and communication with affected individuals.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2. There aren't any loopholes mentioned that could allow organizations to delay or obscure such notifications. \line 
3. Therefore, the regulations do not permit organizations to delay or obscure breach notifications to affected individuals. \line \line References: \line 1) \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\Calif. Civ. Code _ 1798.80-1798.81.5.pdf \line \line Maryland: \line \hich\f1 According to Md. Commercial Law Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 14-3504, the regulations impose clear requirements for breach notif\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
cation and communication with affected individuals. There are provisions to ensure timely notification in case of a breach. Specifically: \line 
b. The notification required under paragraph (2) of this subsection shall be given as soon as reasonably practicable,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 but not later than 45 days after the business discovers or is notified of the breach of the security of a system. \line 
d. If notification is delayed under paragraph (1)(i) of this subsection, notification shall be given as soon as reasonably practicable, but\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 not later than: \line 
i. For a notification required under subsection (b) of this section: 7 days after the law enforcement agency determines that it will not impede a criminal investigation and will not jeopardize homeland or national security if the original
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 45-day period has already elapsed; or the end of the original 45-day period. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Commerce\\
Md. Commercial Law Code Ann. _ 14-3504.pdf \line \line Kansas: \line \hich\f1 According to 23 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  402: \line \line 3. The regulations impose c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ear requirements for breach notification and communication with affected individuals, and there are no loopholes that could allow organizations to delay or obscure such notifications. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cy\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ersecurity Law\\Transportation\\\hich\f1 23 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  402.pdf \line \line Arkansas: \line 
I am sorry, I couldn't find any context to respond accurately. \line \line Idaho: \line \hich\f1 According to Tex. Bus. & Com. Code \'a7\loch\f1  521.052: \line 1. Notification Requirements \line a. Each state agency shall comply with 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 he policies established under this subchapter that provide for the notification of affected individuals when there is a breach of computer security concerning personal information. \line 
2. Breach Notification Policy \line a. Each state agency shall adopt notificat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
on policies that require a state agency to comply with the requirements of Subsection (b) with respect to a breach of computer security concerning personal information. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Texas\\Business and Commerce\\Tex. Bus. & Com. Code.pdf \line \line North Carolina: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 The regulations under N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 75-65 impose clear requirements for breach notification and communication with affected individuals. Organizations are required to p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ovide prompt notice to affected individuals, utilize various methods of notification, and delay notification only if law enforcement deems it necessary. Specific details must be included in the notice, and breaches affecting over 1,000 persons must be rep
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rted to relevant authorities. \line \line References: \line Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\Consumer Protection\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  75-65.pdf \line \line Texas: 
\line \hich\f1 According to Tex. Bus. & Com. Code \'a7\loch\f1  521.053: \line 1) Breach notification and communication requirements are clearl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 defined, with specific timelines and procedures outlined for organizations to follow. \line 
2) Organizations must disclose any breach of system security to affected individuals without unreasonable delay and no later than the 60th day after determining the br\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ach occurred. \line 
3) There are provisions for notifying the attorney general if the breach involves at least 250 residents of the state, with specific information that must be included in the notification. \line 4) Organizations may delay notification at the requ
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 st of law enforcement if it may impede a criminal investigation, but must do so only until law enforcement determines it will not compromise the investigation. \line 
5) Different methods of providing notice to affected individuals are outlined, including writt\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
n notice, electronic notice, and other alternatives if the cost of providing notice would exceed certain thresholds. \line 6) Organizations are also required to notify consumer reporting agencies if notifying more than 10,000 persons of a breach. \line 
\line References:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Business\\\hich\f1 Tex. Bus. & Com. Code \'a7\loch\f1  521.053.pdf \line \line California: \line According to SB-327: \line 
The regulations impose clear requirements for breach notification and communication with affected individuals, ensuring that organization\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  cannot delay or obscure such notifications. \line 
\line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\SB-327.pdf \line \line Montana: \line According to Legislation code 30-14-1704, the regulations impose clear requirements for b
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
each notification and communication with affected individuals without loopholes that could allow organizations to delay or obscure such notifications. The legislation outlines specific procedures for notification methods, including written notice, electro
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ic notice, telephonic notice, or substitute notice under defined circumstances. Furthermore, it mandates timely disclosure without unreasonable delay and provides guidelines for submitting notifications to appropriate authorities, ensuring transparency an
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  accountability in the event of a security breach. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Montana\\Identity Theft\\30-14-1704 Computer security breach.pdf \line \line 
Massachusetts: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 The regulations outlined in ALM GL ch. 93H, \'a7\loch\f1  3 in Massachusetts requ\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
re organizations that maintain, store, own, or license data containing personal information of residents to promptly notify affected individuals and relevant authorities in the event of a breach of security or unauthorized use of personal information. Not
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
fication must be provided without unreasonable delay, and organizations must also submit a sample copy of the notice to authorities. There are provisions to ensure that notifications are not delayed, even if the total number of affected residents is not y
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t determined. Additionally, if the breached entity is owned by another corporation, the notice must include the parent or affiliated corporation's name. \line \line Reference: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 93H, _ 3.pdf \line \line Iowa: \line Sum\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ary: The regulations outlined in Iowa Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 507F.7 require licensees to promptly notify the commissioner of cybersecurity events involving nonpublic information of 250 or more consumers that could cause harm. The notification must include details on the \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ffected consumers and must be continuously updated as new information emerges. This ensures clear requirements for breach notification and communication with affected individuals, preventing organizations from delaying or obscuring such notifications. 
\line \line R\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ference: Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Insurance\\Iowa Code _ 507F.7.pdf \line \line New Jersey: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.82: \line 
1. Organizations must comply with the necessary requirements for breach notifications. \line 2. Organizations are required to\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
adhere to clear requirements for timely notifications to affected individuals and appropriate authorities. \line 3. There are no loopholes that could allow organizations to delay or obscure breach notifications. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users
\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Rese\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rch\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\Cal. Civ. Code _ 1798.82.pdf \line \line Washington: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 
The regulations in Washington (according to Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  19.255.010) impose clear requirements for breach notification and commun\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
cation with affected individuals. Notification must be provided in a timely manner, within thirty days after the breach was discovered. Organizations must notify the attorney general if the breach involves more than five hundred Washington residents. Meth
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ds of notification include written, electronic, and substitute notice under specific conditions. Organizations with their own notification procedures consistent with timing requirements are considered compliant. \line \line Reference: \line 
- Current Cybersecurity Law\\W\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 shington\\Business\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  19.255.010.pdf \line \line Louisiana: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 
The regulations in Louisiana, as detailed in La. R.S. \'a7\loch\f1  22:2506, require licensees to promptly notify the commissioner within three business days of a cybersecurity event in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
olving nonpublic information. This notification must occur when specific criteria are met, such as a reasonable likelihood of material harm to consumers or the licensee's operations. These regulations ensure timely and transparent reporting of cybersecuri
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y incidents to relevant authorities and affected individuals. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Insurance\\La. R.S. _ 22_2506.pdf \line \line Maine: \line 
Summary: \line \hich\f1 The regulations in 10 M.R.S. \'a7\loch\f1  1348 mandate clear requirements for breach notification\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
and communication with affected individuals. Information brokers and data custodians must promptly investigate breaches, notify affected residents, and inform third-party entities if a breach occurs. Notifications must be made without unreasonable delay, 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
aximum within 30 days of awareness, with a provision for a 7-day delay if law enforcement requires. For breaches involving over 1,000 individuals, consumer reporting agencies and state regulators must also be notified promptly. \line \line References: 
\line 1) Current C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 bersecurity Law\\Maine\\Commerce\\10 M.R.S. _ 1348.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2266.pdf \line \line Alabama: \line \hich\f1 
Summary: The Code of Ala. \'a7\loch\f1  8-38-5 requires covered entities to promptly notify individuals affected by a security breach \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nvolving sensitive personally identifying information. The notice must be provided within 45 days of discovering the breach unless delayed by law enforcement for investigative purposes. Notification can be given through writing or email, with specific inf
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rmation outlined. In cases where direct notice is not feasible, substitute notice may be used. Covered entities must document if notification is deemed unnecessary. \line \line Reference: 
\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Alabama\\Data Breach Notification Act\\Files(12).\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 df, Context 3. \line \line North Dakota: \line 
Summary: The regulations in North Dakota allow for delayed breach notification if law enforcement deems it necessary for a criminal investigation. Notification must be provided once law enforcement determines it will not co\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 promise the investigation. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Data Breach Notification\\51-30-04. Delayed notice.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\
Data Breach Notification\\51-30-06. Alternate compliance.pdf \line 3) Current Cy\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Data Breach Notification\\51-30-05. Method of notice.pdf \line 4) C:\\Users\\User
\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Data Breach Notification\\51-30-02. Notice to attorney general and consumers.pdf \line \line Ala\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ka: \line \hich\f1 
According to Calif. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.82: \line 1) The regulations impose clear requirements for breach notification and communication with affected individuals to provide them with pertinent information. \line 
2) Organizations are not allowed to delay or obscu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e such notifications, ensuring timely and transparent communication. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research
\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\\hich\f1 Calif. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.82.pdf \line \line Ohio: \line According to Legislation code ORC Ann.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 1349.19, the regulations impose clear requirements for breach notification and communication with affected individuals. The legislation includes provisions such as notifying residents of the breach in an expedient manner, making the disclosure within for
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y-five days of discovering the breach, and outlining various methods of notification including written notice, electronic notice, telephone notice, and substitute notice if contact information is insufficient. There are also specific provisions for differ
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nt scenarios, including exemptions for certain entities, the ability to delay notification if law enforcement deems necessary, and guidelines for disclosures to consumer reporting agencies. 
\line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Data Breach Noti\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ication\\_ 1349.19 Disclosure or notification of.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\
Data Breach Notification\\_ 1349.192.pdf \line \line Pennsylvania: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 The regulations outlined in legislation code 73 P.S. \'a7\loch\f1  2303 impose clear requirements for breach noti\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ication and communication with affected individuals. Specific provisions include timely notifications to residents, relevant authorities, district attorneys, and state agencies. Electronic notifications are allowed in certain scenarios, and responsibiliti
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s for encrypted information, vendor notifications, and key definitions are also outlined. \line \line Reference: \line C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\_2303. Notification of the breach of the security of the system.pdf \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urrent Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1 
 4518.pdf \line \line New Mexico: \line \hich\f1 The regulations in N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  57-12C-6 require organizations to provide notification to New Mexico residents whose personal identifying information is believed to have been
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
compromised in a security breach. Notification must be made within 45 days of discovering the breach, unless it is determined that the breach does not pose a significant risk of identity theft or fraud. Organizations not owning or licensing the data must 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nform the data owner or licensee of any breach. Various notification methods are allowed, including mail, electronic notification, and substitute notification under certain conditions. Organizations with internally defined notice procedures consistent wit
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  the law's timing requirements are considered compliant. \line \line Reference: [Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Data Breach Notification Act\\
57-12C-6. Notification of security breach.pdf](static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Data Breach Notification Ac\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 57-12C-6. Notification of security breach.pdf) \line \line Kentucky: 
\line \hich\f1 According to KRS \'a7\loch\f1  61.933: \line 1) The regulations impose clear requirements for breach notification and communication with affected individuals. The agency must notify various entities within speci
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ic timeframes, conduct thorough investigations, and provide detailed notifications to individuals impacted by the security breach. \line 
2) There are provisions for different methods of providing notice, such as posting on the agency's website, notifying media,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  and communicating directly with affected individuals via mail, email, or telephone. \line 
3) The notice must include details about the breach, contact information for the agency, steps taken to protect information, and information sources for individuals to p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 event identity theft. 
\line 4) However, there are certain exceptions where notifications are not required, such as for publicly available information, redacted personal information, or information disclosed to government entities for specific purposes. \line 5) Any
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 waivers of the provisions are considered void and unenforceable, emphasizing the importance of compliance with the notification requirements. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Information Technology\\KRS _ 61.933.pdf \line \line Hawaii: \line According\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 to HRS \'a7\loch\f1  431:3B -302: \line 
1. Each licensee must notify the commissioner within three business days from the determination of a cybersecurity event impacting 250 or more consumers. \line 2. Notifications should be provided when the licensee reasonably believes tha
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  nonpublic information of 250 or more consumers in the State is involved in a cybersecurity event that could materially harm consumers or the licensee's operations. \line 
3. Licensees must provide detailed information about the cybersecurity event, including t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e date, how the information was exposed, discovery of the event, recovery efforts, the source of the event, police reports or notifications to authorities, types of information acquired without authorization, and more. \line 
4. The licensee is obligated to upd\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 te and supplement notifications regarding material changes to the cybersecurity event information to the commissioner. \line 
5. The information must be provided in electronic form as directed by the commissioner, and the licensee must have a continuing obligat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 on to update notifications. \line 
6. The section does not override reporting requirements in chapter 487N. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Insruance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-302.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line 
The response provided states that under\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Minn. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 60A.9853, if a licensee is required to report a cybersecurity event to the commissioner, they must notify any affected consumer residing in Minnesota if the consumer's nonpublic information is believed to have been acquired by an unauthorize
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 person with a reasonable likelihood of causing material harm. Notification must be timely, made without unreasonable delay, and may be delayed only if necessary for law enforcement or breach investigation. Notification methods include written notice, ele
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tronic notice, or alternative methods if cost or number of affected consumers present challenges. \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Insurance\\
Minn. Stat. _ 60A.9853.pdf \line \line South Dakota: \line I am sorry, but I don't have the specific informat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
on needed to answer your question in the provided contexts. If you have more details or different contexts, I would be happy to try and help. \line \line Illinois: \line Summary of Response: \line \line 
The regulations outlined in 815 ILCS 530/10 mandate organizations to notify a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
fected individuals of a breach promptly and without unreasonable delay. Notifications must include information for consumer reporting agencies, the FTC's contact details, and instructions for individuals to secure their personal information. The notificat
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
on should not disclose the number of affected Illinois residents. Various methods of notification are allowed, with specific conditions for providing substitute notices. If a breach impacts over 500 Illinois residents, the organization must inform the Att
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rney General. Any delay in notification must be approved by law enforcement, and individuals must be informed once the delay is no longer necessary for investigation. \line \line References: 
\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Business\\815 ILCS 530_10.pdf \line 2) Cu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rent Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_20.pdf \line \line 
The regulations impose clear requirements for breach notification and communication with affected individuals without loopholes that could allow organizations to delay or obscure such notific\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tions}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid6495659 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6495659 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000a087
c35b03deda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}