{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff1\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f319\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f320\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f322\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f323\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f324\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f325\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f326\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f327\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f329\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f330\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f332\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f333\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f334\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f335\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f336\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f337\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f329\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f330\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f332\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f333\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f334\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f335\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f336\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f337\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f709\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f710\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f712\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f713\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f714\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f715\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f716\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f717\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1263605\rsid2376706\rsid7824290\rsid12648889}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}
{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min47}{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min56}{\version4}{\edmins1}{\nofpages12}{\nofwords4421}{\nofchars25200}{\nofcharsws29562}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot2376706 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid12648889 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q43. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid12648889 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Are there any gaps in regulatory enforcement mechanisms, such as limited authority or resources for regulatory agencies to investigate and penalize non-compliance effectively}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid12648889 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid2376706 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12648889 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid12648889 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid12648889 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line 5. Arizona 
\line 6. Colorado \line 7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island \line 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 18. Oregon \line 
19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Okl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 homa \line 22. South Carolina \line 23. Indiana \line 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. Kansas \line 
28. Arkansas \line 29. Idaho \line 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 9. Maine \line 40. Alabama \line 41. North Dakota \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. New Mexico \line 46. Kentucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 50. Illinois 
\line \line New Hampshire: \line \hich\f1 Based on 49 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  114(q)(6): \line 6. Regulatory agencies may have \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
aps in their enforcement mechanisms due to limited authority and resources, which can hinder their ability to effectively investigate and penalize non-compliance. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Trans\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ortation\\Cybersecurity Legislation\\49 U.S. Code _ 114.pdf \line \line Delaware: \line According to Michigan Compiled Laws Section 257.949b-: \line 
1. The Michigan Department of State Police shall collaborate with the Michigan department of transportation and the Michigan dep\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rtment of licensing and regulatory affairs to evaluate transportation agency compliance with cybersecurity provisions. \line 
2. This cooperation shall include, but is not limited to, the sharing of information, the development of best practices, and the recomm\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ndation of improvements to transportation agency cybersecurity practices. \line 
3. The regulatory agencies shall annually report to the Michigan legislative council if additional authority or resources are needed to effectively investigate and penalize non-com\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
liance with transportation cybersecurity provisions. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\\hich\f1 Mich. Comp. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  257.949b-.pdf \line \line Virginia: \line 
\hich\f1 According to U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5712: \line 1. The Government Accountabi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ity Office shall review and report on the gaps in regulatory enforcement mechanisms, such as limited authority or resources for regulatory agencies to investigate and penalize non-compliance effectively. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\
Box\\UTD\\PhD Researc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Transportation\\U.S. Code\\Chapter 5712.docx \line \line New York: \line \hich\f1 According to the California Civil Code \'a7
\loch\f1  1798.112: \line 1. Yes, [California] has established limited authority and resources for regulatory agencies to investigate and \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 enalize non-compliance effectively. \line 
2. Regulatory agencies must rely on investigations by a range of federal, state, and local agencies rather than having dedicated resources themselves. \line 3. The absence of formal enforcement structures indicates a lack o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  regulatory backing for the legislation. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\Cal. Civ. Code _ 1798.112.pdf \line \line 
Arizona: \line \hich\f1 According to Transportation Cybersecurity Act (TCA) \'a7\loch\f1  102: \line 3. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 T\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 here are potentially significant resource constraints affecting regulatory agencies
\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1  ability to effectively investigate and penalize non-compliance with transportation cybersecurity regulations. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\TransportCyber\\Security\\Regu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 atoryEnforcement\\TCA\\TCA_102.pdf \line \line Colorado: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  34501.16 & 34501.17: \line 
1. Yes, there may be gaps in regulatory enforcement mechanisms as there are limited resources for regulatory agencies to investigate and penalize non-complia\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ce effectively. \line 
2. Regulatory agencies often face challenges in addressing non-compliance due to limited authority or resources. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Vehicle Code\\
Cal. Veh. Code\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'a7\loch\f1  34501.16 & 34501.17.pdf \line \line Georgia: \line According to California Civil Code Sec. 1798.29: \line 
1. Legislative Analyst's Office: Identified opportunities for improving coordination among agencies in implementing state privacy laws and suggested that the Legislatu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e consider providing additional authority to a state entity to enforce privacy laws. \line 2. California Department of Technology: Reported that it has limited authority and resources to enforce state privacy laws. \line 
3. California Attorney General: Has expresse\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  concerns about its limited ability to enforce state privacy laws. \line 
4. California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA): Overview of key provisions and consumer rights under the CCPA related to data privacy and protection. \line 5. State Government Operations Agency: Id\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ntified that current state privacy laws result in gaps in regulatory enforcement mechanisms due to limited authority or resources for regulatory agencies. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\California\\CA_Privacy_Laws_2021.doc 
\line \line Vermont: \line According \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 o California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  1652.5: \line 
The provides civil penalties for the violation of Sections 144, 355, 10850, or 10883, including civil penalties of not less than seven hundred fifty dollars ($750) nor more than seven thousand five hundred dollars ($7,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 00), as specified. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Vehicle Code\\Cal.Veh.Code_1652.5.pdf \line \line Wyoming: \line \hich\f1 
According to 14 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  701 - Shore facilities and aids to navigation: \line a. There are \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
aps in regulatory enforcement mechanisms related to transportation cybersecurity which can be attributed to a lack of comprehensive framework and limited authority or resources for regulatory agencies to investigate and penalize non-compliance effectively
.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\Regulations\\14 USC\\14usc_701.pdf \line \line Rhode Island: \line \hich\f1 According to California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  30530: \line 
a. The Department of the California Highway Patrol shall enforce the provisions of this code relating to th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  registration of vehicles and the operation of vehicles upon the highways. \line 
b. The Department of the California Highway Patrol shall enforce and adopt regulations relating to the lighting of vehicles upon the highways. \line c. The superintendent shall adopt s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ch regulations as may be necessary to carry out the duties of the department. \line 
d. The regulations shall include specifications for lighting equipment supplemental to that required by this code for safe operation of vehicles designed to move disabled and o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ersize vehicles or loads on the highways. \line e. The regulations shall specify the position, color, and intensity of lighting equipment on these vehicles. \line 
f. The department shall also enforce the provisions of this code and regulations, when adopted, to pre\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ent crime and enforce laws. \line 
g. The department may cooperate with county and city peace officers in such enforcement. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Vehicle Code\\Cal. Veh. Code _ 30530.pdf
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Nebraska: \line According to SEC. 156. FEDERAL MOTOR VEHICLE SAFETY STANDARDS: \line 
Investigations of non-compliance can be initiated by the Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. The Administrator can assess civil penalties for non\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ompliance, issue orders for repair or recall of noncompliant vehicles or equipment, and conduct inspections and testing to determine compliance. However, due to limited resources and competing priorities, regulatory agencies may face challenges in effecti
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ely investigating and penalizing non-compliance. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\Legislations\\FederalMotorVehicleSafetyStandards.docx \line \line Nevada: 
\line I am sorry but I was not able to find any relevant context to answer your question. \line \line Michig\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n: \line According to New York VTL Section 1642: \line 
1. The Department of Motor Vehicles shall develop a framework for sharing motor vehicle data with auto manufacturers to encourage communication on cybersecurity issues. \line 2. This sharing of data shall be used to\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 improve vehicle safety and cybersecurity. \line 
3. The Department of Motor Vehicles shall establish a process for cybersecurity data sharing that protects consumer privacy and the proprietary information of auto manufacturers. \line 4. This process must include mec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 anisms for oversight and accountability to ensure compliance by all parties involved. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\VTL.pdf \line 
\line Florida: \line \hich\f1 According to U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1 7321: \line 1. The U.S. government\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
does not have a high level of regulation for the automotive industry, including cybersecurity. \line 2. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) is responsible for ensuring the safety of vehicles. \line 
3. Regulations such as the Federal Automated\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Vehicles Policy lack enforcement measures. \line 
4. There are gaps in regulatory enforcement mechanisms due to limited authority and resources for regulatory agencies to investigate and penalize non-compliance effectively. \line \line References: \line 1) Documents/Transport
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tion/Cybersecurity/US_Code/US_Code_Chapter45_SubchapterIII_Part_B_Section7321.htm \line \line Missouri: \line 
I am sorry, but I cannot provide a response to the given question as there is no specific information or context provided related to any legislation or regulato\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y enforcement mechanisms. If you can provide additional details or specify a particular law or regulation, I would be happy to assist you further. \line \line References: \line \line Wisconsin: \line 
According to the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act (CISA) of 2015: \line There ar\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 potential gaps in regulatory enforcement mechanisms due to limited authority and resources for regulatory agencies to investigate and penalize non-compliance effectively. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\TraCR\\
Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legisl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tion\\CISA_2015.pdf \line \line Tennessee: \line \hich\f1 According to Mo. Rev. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  304.120: \line 
1. The department [of Transportation] and the Missouri Highways and Transportation Commission shall have the authority to: \line a. Prescribe regulations establishing standards for the ap\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
roval of traffic control devices placed on public roadways. \line b. Adopt a manual and specifications for a uniform system of traffic control devices consistent with the provisions of this chapter for use upon public roads. \line 
c. Establish and maintain a manual\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 of uniform traffic control devices in accordance with the requirements of this chapter for use upon public streets and highways. \line 
d. The department shall have the power and duty to adopt such regulations as are deemed necessary to fully implement and codi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y this section. \line 
2. The sunset provision shall not apply to this section. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\Legislations\\\hich\f1 Mo. Rev. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  304.120.pdf \line \line Oregon: \line \hich\f1 
According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.199.84: \line 1. "Existing law imposes a \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
uty on a business that owns, licenses, or maintains personal information about a California resident to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices to protect the personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, use, mod
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 fication, or disclosure." \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\
Cal. Civ. Code _ 1798.199.84.pdf \line \line Connecticut: \line According to Singapore Cybersecurity Act (Chapter 9A): \line 1. The Cyber Se\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urity Agency shall have powers to: \line 
a. Investigate, including powers of entry and inspection, inspect, examine or audit any computer and computer systems or any other document, data or information in accordance with this Act, and require any person to pro\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ide access to, or copies of, the computer or any data or information; \line 
b. Investigate, including the right to inspect any computer and computer systems, the compliance of the cybersecurity codes of practice issued under section 43A; and \line c. Collect, recei\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e, retain, analyse, use and disclose any document, data or information obtained during an inspection under paragraph (a). \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\TraCR\\Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislations\\Singapore\\
Cybersecurity_Act_Chapter_9A.pdf \line \line Mississi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 pi: \line According to The Transportation Cybersecurity Legislation: \line 
1. "There are various challenges associated with ensuring regulatory compliance, including limited resources for regulatory agencies to monitor and enforce cybersecurity standards effectivel\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
." \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Transportation Cybersecurity Legislation\\transportation_cybersecurity_legislation.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line \hich\f1 
According to 49 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  114 (a)(1): \line The Department of Transpo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tation shall maintain a Cybersecurity Information Sharing and Analysis Center to provide analysis of intelligence information shared by the owners and operators of transportation systems and to facilitate the sharing of such analysis within the transporta
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ion community. The Department of Transportation may collaborate with the National Institute of Standards and Technology in carrying out this paragraph. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\
Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Transportation\\S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 curity\\\hich\f1 49 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  114.pdf \line \line South Carolina: \line \hich\f1 
According to California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  34503: \line 2. The department has investigative authority with respect to the enforcement of the motor vehicle laws and regulations over common carriers and contract carri\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rs engaged in transportation or for hire. \line 
3. The resources for regulatory agencies, such as the California Highway Patrol, are limited and this can impact their ability to effectively investigate and penalize non-compliance. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\Us
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Transportation\\Cal. Veh. Code _ 34503.pdf \line \line Indiana: \line \hich\f1 
According to the Louisiana Revised Statutes, Title 48, \'a7\loch\f1 1906: \line 1. The Louisiana State Police, the Department of Public Safety and Cor\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ections, sheriffs, and their deputies, and the police departments of municipalities have the power to enforce the provisions of this Chapter. \line 
2. In addition, any law enforcement officer appointed pursuant to the provisions of R.S. 32:1701 et seq. shall h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ve the authority to enforce the provisions of this Chapter. \line 
3. Any evidence of noncompliance with this Chapter may be the basis for further investigation and action by these authorities. \line 4. Therefore, there are mechanisms in place for regulatory agencie\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  to investigate and penalize non-compliance effectively within the state. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Revised Statutes\\Title 48\\
Chap. 34.pdf \line \line Utah: \line \hich\f1 According to Title 49 USC \'a7\loch\f1  60101: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 . (b)(1) The Secretary of Transportation may issue regulations and orders requiring\hich\f1 
\emdash \loch\f1  \line 2. (B) keeping records and making reports. \line 3. (D) providing information to facilitate environmental and energy assemblies. \line 4. The regulations and orders shall protect \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 he public and property from the risks related to crashes, oil spills, and other hazards. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Transportation\\
Title_49_USC.pdf \line \line West Virginia: \line Based on the information prov\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ded, there are gaps in regulatory enforcement mechanisms, such as limited authority or resources for regulatory agencies to investigate and penalize non-compliance effectively. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\
RAG-app\\Transportation Cy\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ersecurity Legislation\\Regulatory Enforcement\\Regulatory-Gaps.doc \line \line Maryland: \line 
According to Department of Transportation Cybersecurity Plan 2024, there are gaps in regulatory enforcement mechanisms, such as limited resources for regulatory agencies to inv\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
stigate and penalize non-compliance effectively. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislations\\Department_of_Transportation_Cybersecurity_Plan_2024.pdf \line \line Kansas: \line 
I cannot find any specific information related to the \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
resence of gaps in regulatory enforcement mechanisms, limited authority, or resources for regulatory agencies to investigate and penalize non-compliance effectively in the provided context. \line \line References: \line No specific context provided. 
\line \line Arkansas: \line Accordi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g to H.R. 3684 (117th Congress) - INVEST in America Act: \line 
There are gaps in regulatory enforcement mechanisms, such as limited authority or resources for regulatory agencies to investigate and penalize non-compliance effectively. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\User\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\\
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\Transportation Cybersecurity Legislations\\H.R. 3684 - INVEST in America Act.pdf \line \line Idaho: \line 
I am sorry, but without specific context provided, I am unable to provide an answer to the question. \line \line North Carolina: \line According to Flori\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
a Statutes Title XXXII. Regulation of Professions and Occupations \'a7\loch\f1  327.353: \line 4. Marine industry standards may be used as enforcement mechanisms for fuel system components and maintenance practices. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\
Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 pp\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Florida Statutes Title XXXII. Regulation of Professions and Occupations\\Fla. Stat. _ 327.353.pdf \line \line 
Texas: \line \hich\f1 According to 18 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  3132: \line The United States Secret Service is authorized to detect and arrest any pers\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
n who violates a law relating to the counterfeiting of obligations and securities of the United States. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\United States\\Title 18\\
18 USC Chapter 207, Investigative and Oth\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r Powers.ahdf \line \line California: \line According to the U.S. Department of Transportation Cybersecurity Best Practices: \line 
a. Regulatory agencies sometimes face gaps in their enforcement capabilities due to limited authority or resources to investigate and penalize n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n-compliance effectively. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Transportation\\USDOT\\USDOT_Cybersecurity_Best_Practices.pdf \line \line Montana: \line \hich\f1 According to the California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 40000.1: \line a. The Attorney G\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
neral shall enforce this division, and the rules and regulations promulgated pursuant to this division, unless the Legislature assigns the responsibility for enforcement to another department or agency. \line 
b. The department shall establish enforcement progr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ms to ensure compliance with these provisions to the extent that resources are sufficient to allow for enforcement without sacrificing other core functions of the department. \line 
c. Notwithstanding any other legal remedies available, the department may issue\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
a notice of the violation to a person who fails to provide complete and accurate information in compliance with this division. \line d. The department may enforce this division by referring matters to the Attorney General for enforcement as necessary. 
\line e. Noth\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ng in this division shall limit the authority of the Attorney General or a district attorney to enforce other provisions of law. \line 
f. If the Attorney General or a district attorney obtains a judgment against a person enforcing this division, the attorney s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
all recover costs of the action, including attorney's fees and court costs. \line g. Information obtained under this division may also be used for purposes as specified in CalVet 38940. References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app
\\Current Cyberse\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urity Law\\California\\Transportation\\Cal. Veh. Code _ 40000.1.pdf \line \line Massachusetts: \line According to Transportation Code Title 49, Chapter 524: \line 
b. There may be gaps in regulatory enforcement mechanisms, such as limited authority or resources for regulatory ag\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ncies to investigate and penalize non-compliance effectively. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\TraCR\\Transportation Cybersecurity Legislation\\Transportation Code Title 49\\Chapter 524.docx \line \line Iowa: \line According to The Cybersecurity Act of 2015: \line 1. T\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e Cybersecurity Act creates a lack of certainty in regulatory enforcement mechanisms. \line 2. There is limited authority for regulatory agencies to investigate effectively and penalize non-compliance. \line 
3. Regulatory agencies face a lack of resources to enforc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  the legislation adequately. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Federal Legislation\\Cybersecurity Act of 2015.pdf \line \line New Jersey: \line \hich\f1 According to Transport. Code \'a7\loch\f1  33527: \line a. Regulatory enforcement mechanism\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  exist but may have gaps due to limited authority or resources for regulatory agencies to investigate and penalize non-compliance effectively. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\Legislation\\
Transport_Code.pdf \line \line Washington: \line According to the\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency Act of 2018 (Pub. L. No. 115-278): \line 
1. CISA has been limited in its effectiveness by a lack of comprehensive sta\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
utory authorities that give it clear and robust tools to carry out vital cybersecurity and critical infrastructure security missions, inhibiting its ability to effectively reduce and respond to cybersecurity risks facing the nation. \line 
2. Resource and perso\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nel constraints limit CISA's ability to provide assistance to stakeholders, facilitate cybersecurity information sharing, and coordinate the Nation's response to significant cybersecurity incidents. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\
UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\National\\Department of Homeland Security\\Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency Act of 2018.pdf \line \line Louisiana: \line 
According to Department of Transportation (DOT) Cybersecurity Awareness Training Order 3330.1B: \line 1. All D\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 O\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
T Operating Administrations and Secretarial Offices shall ensure Departmental personnel and contractors with significant security responsibilities are trained to carry out their responsibilities. \line 
2. The Office of the Secretary and the St. Lawrence Seaway\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Development Corporation shall coordinate with the OST Office of National Security Policy and Preparedness to develop security training for executive and administrative personnel and contractors. \line 
3. DOT Operating Administrations shall ensure that security\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 awareness training is made available to all employees, contractors, and contractors\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1  employees in DOT
\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s public and private sector programs commensurate with their responsibilities and duties. \line 4. The DOT-wide training program shall include common and prog\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
am-specific security training covering Executive Order 13526 (Classified National Security Information) and other relevant security policies, practices, and procedures. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\
Regulatory Enforcements\\D\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 O\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 T_Cybersecurity_Training_Order_3330.1B.pdf \line \line Maine: \line \hich\f1 According to Transportation Cybersecurity Act \'a7\loch\f1  2.4: \line 
1. The Department of Transportation may enter into agreements with other agencies of the Commonwealth, other states, the federal government, or othe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 public or private entities to share information and expertise, and to cooperate in enforcing the provisions of this chapter. \line 
2. Agencies granted enforcement authority under this chapter must develop and maintain training programs that are reflective of \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
est practices and are oriented toward ensuring the continued development of professionals capable of handling transportation-related cybersecurity threats. \line \line References: \line 1) Documents/Transportation_Cybersecurity_Act.pdf \line \line 
Alabama: \line According to Cybersecu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ity Information Sharing Act of 2015: \line 
1) Section 102 authorizes enhanced information sharing of cybersecurity threat indicators and defensive measures between private and government entities. \line 2) Section 104 discusses the exemption for private entities sh\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ring cybersecurity information from liability under antitrust laws. \line 
3) Section 106 states that the liability protections apply to private entities monitoring information systems or providing information in accordance with the Act. \line 4) Section 107 provide\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 safeguards for privacy and civil liberties of individuals. \line 5) Section 108 requires the maintenance of shared information to be consistent with the protection of classified information. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Cybersecurity Law\\Public Laws\\Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015.pdf \line \line North Dakota: \line 
According to the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) [T.B.C.]: \line 1. The agency has faced criticism for a lack of regulatory teeth. \line 2. It lacks the au\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
hority to impose fines or assess penalties against non-compliant entities, instead relying on voluntary compliance. \line 
3. This limited enforcement capability creates a significant gap in regulatory oversight within the transportation cybersecurity landscape.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Transportation\\TSA Legislation.pdf \line \line Alaska: \line According to Transportation Cybersecurity Legislations: \line 1) There may be gaps in regulatory enforcement mechanisms due to\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 limited authority or resources for regulatory agencies to investigate and penalize non-compliance effectively. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Transportation Cybersecurity Legislations.docx \line \line Ohio: \line Based on the information pr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
sented in the context, specifically in the regulatory context surrounding transportation cybersecurity legislation: \line \line 
According to the United States Government Accountability Office (GAO), "limited authority and resources have constrained the ability of D\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 O\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
T organizations to implement and enforce cybersecurity programs effectively across DOT\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s modes." This indicates that there are indeed gaps in regulatory enforcement mechanisms, such as limited authority or resources for regulatory agencies to investigate \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nd penalize non-compliance effectively. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\TraCR\\Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislation_Report.pdf \line \line Pennsylvania: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 1798.29: \line 1. Yes, There are limitations regarding the regulat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ry agency's authority or resources to investigate and penalize non-compliance effectively. Specifically, limited funding and staff can impact the ability to enforce cybersecurity regulations. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Cu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rent Cybersecurity Law\\California\\\hich\f1 Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.29.pdf \line \line New Mexico: \line 
According to H.R. 4760 - Secure the Border and Protect American Act: \line \line 1. Given these considerations, maintaining proper levels of oversight and enforcement is essential to the succe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s of the legislation. This includes addressing any potential gaps in regulatory enforcement mechanisms, such as limited authority or resources for regulatory agencies to investigate and penalize non-compliance effectively. \line \line References: \line 
1) C:\\Users\\User\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 B\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ox\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\US Legislation\\H.R. 4760 - Secure the Border and Protect American Act.pdf \line \line Kentucky: \line \hich\f1 
According to 49 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  114 (a)(2): \line \line Yes, based on the information provided in the context, there are gaps in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
regulatory enforcement mechanisms such as limited authority or resources for regulatory agencies to investigate and penalize non-compliance effectively. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Transportation\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 4\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 9 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  114.pdf \line \line Hawaii: \line 
According to Section 5.5 of the Transportation and Security Administration Program: \line 5. Regulatory enforcement mechanisms, including the Office of Security Risk Management Regulations (49 C.F.R part 1540 et seq.), are in p
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ace to ensure compliance with security programs and directives. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Transportation\\
Transportation and Security Administration Program.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line According to Subtitl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 I - Transportation Security Laws; Chapter 1 - Transportation Security Administration of Title 49 - TRANSPORTATION: \line 
1. There are gaps in regulatory enforcement mechanisms related to limited authority or resources for regulatory agencies to investigate an\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  penalize non-compliance effectively. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislations\\Subtitle_I_Transportation_Security_Laws.docx \line \line South Dakota: \line According to Transportation Cybersecurity Improvement Act of 2020 (H.R.
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 8335): \line 
1. Yes, there are gaps in regulatory enforcement mechanisms, such as limited authority or resources for regulatory agencies to investigate and penalize non-compliance effectively. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\
Transportation\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Cybersecurity Legislations\\Transportation Cybersecurity Improvement Act of 2020 (H.R. 8335).pdf \line \line Illinois: \line 
According to The United Nations Convention on International Settlement Agreements Resulting from Mediation (Singapore Convention) \hich\f1 \endash \loch\f1  Piece of Legis\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ation: \line \line 
1. Lack of coordination and data sharing among the transportation agencies and the cybersecurity agency (NTSB) (Paragrapgh 2). \line 2. Insufficient resources and expertise in cybersecurity and investigatory capacities of regulatory agencies also hind
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r effective enforcement (Paragrapgh 4). \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Transportation\\
UN_Convention_International_Settlement_Agreements_Singapore.pdf \line \line Yes, based on the information provided in the c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ntext, there are gaps in regulatory enforcement mechanisms, such as limited authority or resources for regulatory agencies to investigate and penalize non-compliance effectively}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid12648889 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid12648889\charrsid12648889 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e500000000000000000000000000b9
ad8a03deda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}