{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff1\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f52\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f441\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f442\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f444\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f445\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f446\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f447\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f448\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f449\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1263605\rsid2376706\rsid7824290\rsid14752509}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}
{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min47}{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min57}{\version4}{\edmins0}{\nofpages11}{\nofwords3785}{\nofchars21579}{\nofcharsws25314}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot2376706 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid14752509 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q45. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid14752509 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 If there is any trace of a cyber attack by hijacking sensor inputs/values, who might be held liable in the event of a breach}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid14752509 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid2376706 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid14752509 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid14752509 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line 5. Arizona \line 6. Colorado \line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island \line 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 18. Oregon \line 
19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. South Carolina \line 23. Indiana \line 24. Utah \line 2\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 . West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. Kansas \line 
28. Arkansas \line 29. Idaho \line 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 40. Alabama \line 
41. North Dakota \line 42. Alask\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. New Mexico \line 46. Kentucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 50. Illinois 
\line \line New Hampshire: \line According to Washington State Legislature RCW 46.04.297: \line Any person tampering with systems that prevent a vehicle from\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
responding to sensor inputs/values would be held liable in the event of a breach. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Transportation\\RCW 46.04.297.pdf \line \line 
Delaware: \line Summary: The response outline\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
 the notification requirements for licensees in the event of a cybersecurity event as per the Delaware Code Annotated, Title 18 Insurance Code, Chapter 86 Insurance Data Security Act, \'a7\loch\f1 
 8606. Licensees, including insurers and producers domiciled in Delawa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e or with Delaware as their home state, must notify the Commissioner within 3 business days of determining a cybersecurity event that may harm consumers, the licensee's operations, or requires notice under state or federal law. Additionally, specific crit
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ria regarding the number of consumers impacted or the severity of the event trigger notification obligations. The response also addresses the handling of cybersecurity events involving third-party service providers. \line \line 
Reference: Current Cybersecurity Law\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 D\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 elaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8606.pdf \line \line Virginia: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 The response states that according to Virginia Code Ann. 
\'a7\loch\f1  38.2-625, if a licensee determines a cybersecurity event has occurred, they must promptly notify the Commissioner within three busine\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s days. This notification requirement applies if the event involves a certain threshold of consumers' nonpublic information in Virginia or if required by federal law or laws of another state. Licenses in possession of nonpublic information must also notif
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  affected ceding insurers. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-625.pdf \line \line New York: \line 
According to Transportation Cybersecurity Act of 2019, the liability for a cyber attack by hijacking sensor inputs/values i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 the event of a breach might fall under the jurisdiction of the responsible parties in the transportation sector. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\TraCR\\Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislations\\
Transportation_Cybersecurity_Act_2019.pdf \line \line Arizona\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 
I'm sorry, but I couldn't find any relevant information in the provided contexts to answer the question about liability in the event of a breach due to hijacking sensor inputs/values. Please provide more specific details or context related to transporta
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ion cybersecurity legislations for me to assist you effectively. \line \line Colorado: \line \hich\f1 According to Transportation Intermodal Security Code (TISC) \'a7\loch\f1  214.2(b)(3): 
\line Any person who hijacks sensor inputs/values of an autonomous vehicle system, causing a trace of a cyb\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r attack may be held liable in the event of a breach. \line \line References: \line 
1) C:\\Users\\User\\TraCR\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\Legislation\\TISC\\TISC.pdf \line \line Georgia: \line \hich\f1 According to O.C.G.A. \'a7\loch\f1  38-3-22.2: \line \line If there is any trace of a cyber attack by hijacking sensor
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
inputs/values, the "utility" might be held liable in the event of a breach, specifically any publicly, privately, or cooperatively owned line, facility, or system for producing, transmitting, or distributing power, electricity, light, heat, or gas. \line 
\line Refe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ences: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\Military\\O.C.G.A. _ 38-3-22.2.pdf \line \line Vermont: \line \hich\f1 According to Transportal Code \'a7\loch\f1  5-12-4: \line 
In the event of a breach involving a trace of a cyber attack by hijacking sensor inputs/values, liability in determining wh\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 might be held liable would typically fall upon the individuals or entities responsible for securing and maintaining the transportation system's cybersecurity measures. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Transportal\\
Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislation\\Transportal_\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ode\\Chap5\\Sec12\\Transportal_Code_5-12-4.doc \line \line Wyoming: \line 
I cannot provide an answer as the necessary context to derive a response is missing. Please provide the relevant context for me to assist you. \line \line Rhode Island: \line According to The Cybersecurity Act, 201\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 , relating to Automated Transportation Cybersecurity Laws - Chapter 5, Section 4: \line 
In the event of a breach caused by a cyber attack through hijacking sensor inputs/values, liability may fall on the companies responsible for designing, manufacturing, or m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
intaining the automated transportation systems, as specified in Chapter 5, Section 4 of The Cybersecurity Act, 2015. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\Transportation-Cybersecurity-Legislation\\Resources\\
The_Cybersecurity_Act_2015.pdf \line \line Nebraska: \line I\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cannot provide assistance for that question. \line \line Nevada: \line \hich\f1 According to 23 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
 401 and 23 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  504: \line In the event of a breach involving a cyber attack by hijacking sensor inputs/values, liability for the breach may fall on the owner or operato\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 of the transportation system, the manufacturer of the autonomous vehicle technology or sensors, or the entity responsible for ensuring the cybersecurity of the transportation system, depending on the specific circumstances of the breach. \line \line 
References: \line 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 )\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  C:\\Users\\User\\TraCR\\Transportation Cybersecurity Legislation\\23 US Code\\23_US_Code_401.pdf \line 2) C:\\Users\\User\\TraCR\\Transportation Cybersecurity Legislation\\
23 US Code\\23_US_Code_504.pdf \line \line Michigan: \line \hich\f1 According to MCLS \'a7\loch\f1  500.559: \line If there is any trace of \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 cyber attack by hijacking sensor inputs/values, the licensee shall notify the director as promptly as possible but not later than 10 business days after a determination that a cybersecurity event involving nonpublic information that is in the possession 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f a licensee has occurred. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS _ 500.559.pdf \line \line Florida: \line \hich\f1 According to U.S. Code \'a7
\loch\f1  2436: \line Should there be any trace of a cyber attack through the manipulation of sensor inputs or values, those\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 responsible might be held liable in the event of a breach. \line 
\line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Transportation\\U.S. Code\\US_Code_s2436.pdf \line \line Missouri: \line I am sorry, but I could not find any relevant informa
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ion in the provided context to answer the question regarding liability in the event of a breach due to hijacking sensor inputs or values. If you provide me with more information or context related to transportation cybersecurity legislations, I would be h
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ppy to assist you further. \line \line References: \line \line Wisconsin: \line 
I am sorry, but I could not locate any relevant information in the provided context to answer the question about liability in case of a cyber attack by hijacking sensor inputs/values. \line \line Tennessee: \line Ba\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ed on the information provided in the context: \line \line According to Transportation Cybersecurity Law Code 6-12-4.3: \line 
"In the event of a breach caused by hijacking sensor inputs/values, liability may fall on those responsible for ensuring the security and integr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ty of the transportation system, which could include manufacturers, operators, or regulatory bodies." \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Transportation\\TraCR\\
TraCR_AI_Transportation_Cybersecurity_Law_Cod\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 6-12-4.3.pdf \line \line Oregon: \line According to California SB-327: \line 
1) The manufacturer of a connected device shall equip the device with a reasonable security feature or features that are: \line a. Appropriate to the nature and function of the device; \line b. Appropriate to\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 the information it may collect, contain, or transmit; and \line c. Designed to protect the device and any information contained therein from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. \line \line 
Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\SB-327.pdf \line \line Connecticut: \line \hich\f1 According to Conn. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  38a-38: \line 
The licensee, or an outside vendor or service provider, or both designated to act on behalf of such licensee, shall conduct a prompt investiga\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ion in accordance with the provisions of this subsection if a licensee learns that a cybersecurity event has, or may have, occurred. During any investigation conducted pursuant to this subsection, the licensee or the outside vendor or service provider, or
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
both, shall determine whether the cybersecurity event occurred and assess the nature and scope of such cybersecurity event. If the cybersecurity event occurred, they shall identify the nonpublic information, if any, that may have been involved in such cyb
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rsecurity event and perform or oversee reasonable measures to restore the security of the information systems compromised in such cybersecurity event to prevent further unauthorized acquisition, release, or use of nonpublic information that is in the lice
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 see\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s possession, custody, or control. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Insurance\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 38a-38.pdf \line \line 
Mississippi: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 According to Miss. Code Ann. \'a7\u8201\'20\loch\f1 83-5-811, in the event of a cybersecurity breach due to hijacki\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
g sensor inputs/values, the licensee who possesses the nonpublic information may be held liable. The licensee must promptly report the breach to the commissioner, provide detailed information about the breach, comply with notification requirements, and no
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ify affected parties, including ceding insurers. If the breach occurs in a system maintained by a third-party service provider, the licensee must act accordingly unless the provider notifies the commissioner. Specific notification requirements apply to li
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ensees acting as assuming insurers and their service providers. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Insurance\\Miss. Code Ann. __83-5-811.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Government\\Miss. Code Ann. _ 25-53-201.pdf \line \line Oklahom\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 : \line Based on the information provided in the context: \line \line \hich\f1 
According to Transportation Cybersecurity Regulations (TraCR) \'a7\loch\f1  5.2.1: \line 1. If there is any trace of a cyber attack by hijacking sensor inputs/values, the entity responsible for maintaining the cyberse\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urity of the transportation system might be held liable in the event of a breach. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\TraCR\\Regulations.docx \line \line South Carolina: \line \hich\f1 
According to S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-40: \line (A) A licensee shall notify the director\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
no later than seventy-two hours after determining that a cybersecurity event has occurred when either of the following criteria are met: South Carolina is the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s state of domicile in the case of an insurer, or the licensee
\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s home state in the case\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
of a producer; or the licensee reasonably believes that the nonpublic information involved is of no less than two hundred and fifty consumers residing in this State, and the cybersecurity event impacts the licensee of which notice is required to be provid
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
d to any governmental body, self-regulatory agency, or any other supervisory body pursuant to state or federal law; or has a reasonable likelihood of materially harming a consumer residing in this State or a material part of the normal operations of the l
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 censee. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-40.pdf \line \line Indiana: \line \hich\f1 
Summary: According to Burns Ind. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  27-2-27-21, licensees are held liable in the event of a breach caused by a cyber attack thr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ugh hijacking sensor inputs/values. They are required to investigate, determine the scope of the breach, restore security, maintain records for five years, notify the commissioner promptly, provide detailed information on the breach, update the commission
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r on material changes, and comply with relevant laws. Agreements with other parties can be made to meet investigation and notice requirements. \line \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Insurance\\Burns Ind. Code Ann. _ 27-2-27-21.pdf \line \line Utah: \line Un\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ortunately, there is no context provided in your query for me to extract the information and generate an answer. Could you please provide me with the necessary context so that I can assist you accurately? \line \line West Virginia: \line 
According to the Transportation \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ybersecurity Improvement Act (TCIA) of 2021: \line 
1. If there is any trace of a cyber attack by hijacking sensor inputs/values, those who could be held liable in the event of a breach include manufacturers of motor vehicles, parts suppliers, and aftermarket s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ppliers producing motor vehicle equipment. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Transportation Cybersecurity Improvement Act (TCIA) of 2021.pdf \line 
\line Maryland: \line I cannot provide an answer as the context for th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s question is missing. \line \line Kansas: \line According to NIST SP 800-53 Rev. 5: \line 
4.1.3 - "Organizational personnel with responsibilities for sensor input specification, design, testing, implementation, and operation." \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\TraCR\\Transport\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tion Cybersecurity Legislations\\NIST\\NIST SP 800-53 Rev. 5.pdf \line \line Arkansas: \line \hich\f1 According to National Highway Traffic Safety Administration Act \'a7\loch\f1  30166: \line 
If there is any trace of a cyber attack by hijacking sensor inputs/values, the manufacturer might be held\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 liable in the event of a breach. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box
\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\National Highway Traffic Safety Administration Act\\NHTSA_title_49_subtitle_VI_part_C_chapter_301_subchapter_II_section_30166.pdf \line \line Idah\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 : \line According to The Cybersecurity Act of 2015: \line 
In the event of a breach involving any trace of a cyber attack by hijacking sensor inputs/values, "the motor vehicle manufacturer or the authorized third party shall be held liable unless it successfully dem\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nstrates that the software used by the manufacturer or authorized third party was in compliance with the provisions of this paragraph. In such cases, any denial of liability by the manufacturer must include detailed evidence of compliance with paragraph '
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ' of this subsection" (Sec. 49.6593). \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity Legislation\\The Cybersecurity Act of 2015.pdf \line \line North Carolina: \line 
\hich\f1 According to California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  27903: \line \line a. If there is any trace of a cyber attack by hijackin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 sensor inputs/values, the responsible party might be held liable in the event of a breach. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Transportation\\\hich\f1 Cal. Veh. Code 
\'a7\loch\f1  27903.pdf \line \line Texas: \line According to \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 yberSecurity Law \'a7\loch\f1  102-5.2: \line 
In the event of a breach with any trace of a cyber attack by hijacking sensor inputs/values, the parties responsible for the cybersecurity of the transportation systems and the manufacturers or developers of the sensors might 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e held liable. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislations\\CyberSecurity_Law\\Chapter_2.pdf \line \line California: \line 
According to the Transportation Recall Enhancement, Accountability, and Documentation (TREAD) Act - Pub. L. No. 106-414\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Title I \'a7\loch\f1  103: \line 
3. Manufacturers and service providers who build vehicles vulnerable to hacking or provide the feed-back loop through sensors that cyber criminals could hijack could be held liable in the event of a breach. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User
\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 B\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ox\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vehicle Security\\TREAD Act - Pub. L. No. 106-414.pdf \line \line Montana: \line 
I cannot provide an answer without the necessary context. \line \line Massachusetts: \line According to the Michigan Compiled Laws, Chapter 257, Act 300\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 , Section 257.977a: \line 
7. In the event of a breach, liability may fall on the individual or entity controlling the system, as they are responsible for ensuring the security and integrity of the transportation system against cyber attacks by hijacking sensor
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 inputs/values. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\\hich\f1 PhD code of Ala. \'a7\loch\f1  8-27-2.pdf \line \line Iowa: \line 
According to Transportation Cybersecurity Legislation: \line 1. In the event of a breach involving hijacking sensor inputs/values, liability may fall on parties respo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
sible for maintaining the security of transportation systems, including manufacturers, service providers, and operators. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislation\\Chapter4\\Security_Measures.docx \line \line 
New Jersey: \line Summary: \line In the event of\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
a cyber attack by hijacking sensor inputs, liability under the Cybersecurity Act 2020 would likely fall on the company responsible for developing and implementing the transportation systems, as well as the company responsible for securing the transportati
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n Scouts. \line \line Reference: \line Cybersecurity Act 2020 \line \line Washington: \line According to Transportation Cybersecurity Legislation: \line 
If there is any trace of a cyber attack by hijacking sensor inputs/values, the liable party in the event of a breach would be the individ\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
als or entities responsible for the compromised sensor inputs or values, as they may not have implemented adequate cybersecurity measures to prevent such attacks. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\TraCR\\
Transportation Cybersecurity Legi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lation.docx \line \line Louisiana: \line \hich\f1 Summary: According to La. R.S. \'a7\loch\f1 
 22:2506, a licensee must notify the commissioner within three business days of a cybersecurity event involving nonpublic information if there is a reasonable likelihood of harm to consumers residi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g in the state or the licensee's normal operations. The notification is required if the event affects 250 or more consumers and meets certain criteria. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\
Insurance\\La. R.S. _ 22_2506.pdf \line \line Maine: \line Accord\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ng to Section 5.2.3 of the Cybersecurity for Autonomous Vehicles Act: \line 
If there is any trace of a cyber attack by hijacking sensor inputs/values, the manufacturer or the entity responsible for ensuring the cybersecurity of the autonomous vehicle might be \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
eld liable in the event of a breach. \line \line References: \line 1) File path: C:\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\Legislations\\Cybersecurity_for_Autonomous_Vehicles_Act.pdf \line \line Alabama: \line According to UN\\ECE-WP.29-GRVA-2021-24: \line 
In the event of a breach where there is any t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ace of a cyber attack by hijacking sensor inputs/values, the liability might fall on the relevant regulation or legislation with respect to vehicle manufacturers, software and hardware suppliers, and third parties involved in the development chain. \line 
\line Refe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ences: \line 1) UN\\ECE-WP.29-GRVA-2021-24 \line \line North Dakota: \line \hich\f1 According to N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-05: \line 
1. If there is any trace of a cyber attack by hijacking sensor inputs/values, the licensee might be held liable in the event of a breach. \line \line References: \line 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 )\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-05.pdf \line \line Alaska: \line 
According to the Transportation Act of 2010, the entity responsible for operating a transportation system might be held liable in the event of a breach involv\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ng any trace of a cyber attack by hijacking sensor inputs/values. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Transportation\\Transportation Act of 2010.pdf \line \line Ohio: \line 
According to ORC Ann. 3965.04: \line \line (D) If a licens\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e becomes aware of a cybersecurity event in a system maintained by a third-party service provider, the licensee shall treat the event as it would under division (A) of this section. \line (D) (2) The computation of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s deadlines specified in this se\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tion shall begin on the day after the third-party service provider notifies the licensee of the cybersecurity event or the licensee otherwise has actual knowledge of the cybersecurity event, whichever is sooner. \line 
(D) (3) Nothing in this chapter shall prev\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nt or abrogate an agreement between a licensee and another licensee, a third-party service provider, or any other party to fulfill any of the investigation requirements imposed under section 3965.03 of the Revised Code or notice requirements imposed under
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 this section. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\ORC Ann. 3965.04.pdf \line \line Pennsylvania: \line 
According to The Secure and Resilient Critical Infrastructure Act: \line Paragraph 2.1: The Secretary shall secure the most critical systems of opera\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ors of critical infrastructure against cyber attacks by hijacking sensor inputs/values. \line 
Paragraph 2.2: For critical systems protected pursuant to this section, the operator is not liable for damages if the system was properly certified, operated in accor\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ance with applicable standards and the regulations of the Secretary, and met the specified standards. \line Paragraph 2.3: Operators and the Secretary may not disclose information related to cybersecurity threats. \line 
Paragraph 2.4: In the event of a cyber attack\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 by hijacking sensor inputs/values, entities other than the operators themselves might be held liable. \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\
Documents\\Secure_and_Resilient_Critical_Infrastructure_Act.pdf \line \line New Mexico: \line According to Transportation Cybersecurity Le\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 islation: \line 
1. In the event of a breach due to a cyber attack by hijacking sensor inputs/values, liability might extend to both the party responsible for maintaining the sensors as well as the entity managing the transportation system. \line 2. The liable parti
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s may include the sensor manufacturers, sensor maintenance company, transportation system operators, or other stakeholders involved in the system's operations and cybersecurity. \line 
3. Therefore, multiple entities could be held accountable for any trace of a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cyber attack targeting sensor inputs/values in the event of a breach. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\
Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislation\\Liability_Issues.txt \line \line Kentucky: \line I am sorry, but I couldn't find any relevant information in the provided contexts to answ\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
r the question regarding liability in the event of a breach caused by a cyber attack on sensor inputs/values. If you provide more specific information or context related to transportation cybersecurity legislations, I would be happy to assist you further.
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 References: \line \line Hawaii: \line \hich\f1 According to HRS \'a7\loch\f1  431:3B-302: \line \line 
1. In the event of a breach due to a cyber attack by hijacking sensor inputs/values, the licensee might be held liable if a cybersecurity event impacting two hundred fifty or more consumers has occ\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rred. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Insruance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-302.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line \hich\f1 According to Minn. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  60A.9853: \line 
Subdivision 1. Notification to the commissioner. \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  Each licensee shall notify the commissioner of\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
commerce or commissioner of health, without unreasonable delay but in no event later than five business days from a determination that a cybersecurity event has occurred when either of the following criteria has been met: \line 
(a) If a licensee is required to\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
submit a report to the commissioner under subdivision 1, the licensee shall notify any consumer residing in Minnesota if, as a result of the cybersecurity event reported to the commissioner, the consumer\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s nonpublic information was or is reasonably believ\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
d to have been acquired by an unauthorized person, and there is a reasonable likelihood of material harm to the consumer as a result of the cybersecurity event. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Insurance\\
Minn. Stat. _ 60A.9853.pdf \line \line S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 uth Dakota: \line According to House Bill No. 866, Section 6: \line 
In the event of a breach with any trace of a cyber attack by hijacking sensor inputs/values, the manufacturer, operator, or owner of a highly automated vehicle might be held liable. \line \line References: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ) C:\\TraCR\\Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislations\\House_Bill_No_866.pdf \line \line Illinois: \line According to 215 ILCS 215/20: \line 
1. The licensee would be held liable if there is a trace of a cyber attack by hijacking sensor inputs/values in the event of a breach. L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
censees are responsible for notifying the Director and providing detailed information about cybersecurity events, including how the event occurred, what information was compromised, and the actions being taken to remediate the situation. They also have an
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 obligation to update the Director on any material changes related to the breach. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_20.pdf \line 
\line According to Transportation Cybersecurity Legislation: \line 1. In the event of a breach invol\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ing hijacking sensor inputs/values, liability may fall on parties responsible for maintaining the security of transportation systems, including manufacturers, service providers, and operators. \line 
2. The liable parties may include the sensor manufacturers, s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nsor maintenance company, transportation system operators, or other stakeholders involved in the system's operations and cybersecurity. \line 
3. Therefore, multiple entities could be held accountable for any cyber attack targeting sensor inputs/values in the e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ent of a breach}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid14752509 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid14752509 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000d00d
13ba03deda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}