{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff1\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f52\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f441\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f442\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f444\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f445\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f446\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f447\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f448\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f449\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1263605\rsid2376706\rsid6108933\rsid7824290}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}
{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min47}{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr15\min7}{\version4}{\edmins0}{\nofpages12}{\nofwords4100}{\nofchars23370}{\nofcharsws27416}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot2376706 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6108933 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q47. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid6108933 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Which states have product liability laws that apply to the context of autonomous vehicles}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid6108933 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid2376706 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid6108933 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid6108933 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line 5. Arizona \line 6. Colorado \line 
7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 10. Rhode Island \line 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 18. Oregon \line 
19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. South Carolina \line 23. Indiana \line 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 K\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ansas \line 
28. Arkansas \line 29. Idaho \line 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 40. Alabama \line 
41. North Dakota \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. N\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w Mexico \line 46. Kentucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 50. Illinois 
\line \line New Hampshire: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1799.40: \line (a) (1) A manufacturer shall not be liable in any product liability action if the proximate cause of the alleged ha\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m was the unforeseeable misuse of the product by the claimant. \line 
(b) A manufacturer shall not be liable in any product liability action if the proximate cause of the alleged harm was the alteration of the product by a person other than the manufacturer and\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
the alteration was a substantial factor in causing the harm. \line 
(c) A manufacturer shall not be liable in any product liability action if the proximate cause of the alleged harm was the inherent characteristics of the product that are known to the ordinary \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 onsumer who consumes the product. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Product Liability\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 1799.40.pdf \line \line Delaware: \line \hich\f1 Based on Alaska Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  13.45.292: \line a. California \line b. Virginia \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c. Hawaii \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research
\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Alaska\\Alaska Stat. _ 13.45.292.pdf \line \line Virginia: \line \hich\f1 According to Revised Code of Washington (RCW) \'a7\loch\f1  46.90.010: \line 1. It is the intent of the legislature to provide
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 clarity regarding the application of existing product liability laws to autonomous vehicles. \line \hich\f1 According to Michigan Compiled Laws \'a7\loch\f1  257.665: \line 
1. Product liability laws apply to manufacturers of automated driving systems. \line 2. A manufacturer of an automated\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 driving system is subject to the product liability laws of Michigan. 
\line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Revised Code of Washington (RCW) _ 46.90.010.pdf \line 2) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 R
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 AG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Michigan Compiled Laws _ 257.665.pdf \line \line New York: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1799.2: \line 
1. A manufacturer of an autonomous vehicle that is sold in this state must obtain a surety bond, insurance policy, or proof \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f self-insurance in the amount of five million dollars. \line 
2. The manufacturer shall provide the Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV) with a copy of the surety bond, insurance policy, or proof of self-insurance. \line 3. The DMV will issue an autonomous vehicle te\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ting permit upon receipt of this information. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Transportation Law\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7
\loch\f1  1799.2.pdf \line \line Arizona: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1799.21: \line 1. A \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
roduct liability action against a manufacturer or seller as described in this article for damages caused by a product does not lie unless the product is intended to be used or consumed in a form other than for resale and is expected to and does reach the 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ser or consumer without substantial change in the condition in which it is sold. \line 
2. This article shall not be construed to impair any product liability claim that may exist under common law. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Cu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rent Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civ. Code_ 1799.21.pdf \line \line Colorado: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1799.200: \line 
A manufacturer, assembler, or distributor who is deemed to be responsible for damages resulting from the failure of the autonomous vehicle techn\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
logy as specified in this chapter may be subject to the applicable laws of products liability. \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Automotive Technology\\\hich\f1 
Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1799.200.pdf \line \line Georgia: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
I am sorry, but I do not have access to specific information about product liability laws that apply to autonomous vehicles in the provided contexts. Please provide more details or a different context for me to assist you with this question. \line \line 
Vermont: \line A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cording to Michigan Laws 2019, Public Act 165: \line 
a. Michigan has enacted a suite of laws and regulations aimed at facilitating the development and deployment of connected and automated vehicles. These laws explicitly apply product liability laws to the con\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ext of autonomous vehicles. \line \line References: \line 1) Michigan Laws 2019, Public Act 165 \line \line Wyoming: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1797.216: \line 
a. Manufacturers of autonomous vehicles must provide conspicuous notice to consumers regarding the vehicle's capab\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lities and limitations. \line 
b. Manufacturers must comply with any applicable product liability laws. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Transportation\\Cal. Civ. Code _ 1797.216.pdf \line \line 
Rhode Island\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1799.100: \line 
1. "(a) Manufacturer of autonomous vehicle is liable for any damages caused by the autonomous vehicle to the physical property of an individual or corporation. \line (b) The manufacturer is liable if the vehicle was o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 erating autonomously and an error or defect in the autonomous technology caused the damage. \line 
(c) This section does not impose liability upon the manufacturer of an autonomous vehicle whose technology has not been modified by a third party who is not autho\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ized by the manufacturer. 
\line (d) This section does not apply if the autonomous vehicle complies with regulations promulgated by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, if it is engaged in a testing or a demonstration program conducted by manufac
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urers, or if it is being operated by the state, a political subdivision of the state, or the United States. \line 
(e) This section does not apply to a cause of action for damages resulting from modifications made to an autonomous vehicle technology that are no\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  authorized by the manufacturer." \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Automotive\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1799.100.pdf \line \line Nebraska: \line 
According to 2017 Cal. Stat. ch. 602, only the state of California ha\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  product liability laws that apply to the context of autonomous vehicles. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User
\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\2017 Cal. Stat. ch. 602.pdf \line \line Nevada: \line According to 2016 Utah Code Title 41 - Motor\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Vehicles Chapter 6a - Traffic Code Section 801 - Definitions Part 1 - General Provisions 41-6a-102: \line a. "Operate" means to be in actual physical control of a motor vehicle. \line 
b. "Operator" means a person in actual physical control of a motor vehicle. \line c. "\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 O\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 wner" means a person that has a property interest in or title to a motor vehicle. \line 
d. "Pedestrian" means any person afoot or in a wheelchair. \line e. "Person" means an individual, firm, partnership, association, corporation, municipality, school district, pol\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tical subdivision, other governmental subdivision or agency, or other legal entity. \line f. "Police officer" means an individual authorized to make arrests, investigate accidents, or direct or regulate traffic. \line 
g. "Private road or driveway" means every way o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 place in private ownership and used for vehicular travel by the owner and those having express or implied permission from the owner but not by other persons. \line \line References: \line 
1) 2016 Utah Code Title 41 - Motor Vehicles Chapter 6a - Traffic Code Section 801\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 - Definitions Part 1 - General Provisions \line \line Michigan: \line Summary of Response: \line \hich\f1 
Michigan Compiled Laws \'a7\loch\f1  257.679b defines terms related to autonomous vehicles and outlines requirements for manufacturers, including disclosure of information to purchasers, ext\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nsion of warranty period for non-conforming autonomous technology, and recognition of federal vehicle safety standards for autonomous technology compliance. \line \line References: \line \hich\f1 Legislation/Michigan/MI Compiled Laws \'a7\loch\f1 
 257.679b.pdf \line \line Florida: \line According to Mich.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Comp. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  257.1003: \line 
1. Michigan has product liability laws that apply to the context of autonomous vehicles. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Transportation\\\hich\f1 Mich. Comp. Laws \'a7
\loch\f1  257.1003.pdf\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Missouri: \line 
I am sorry, but I couldn't find any information related to product liability laws applying to the context of autonomous vehicles in the provided contexts. If you have more information or another context to provide, I'd be happy to assist furt
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 er. \line \line References: \line \line Wisconsin: \line \hich\f1 According to Mich. Comp. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  257.663a: \line 
a. A product liability action may not be brought against the manufacturer or the manufacturer\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s employees, officers, or directors if the vehicle: \line 1. Is in compliance with all appl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cable federal motor vehicle safety standards and regulations; and \line 2. Is operated in compliance with applicable traffic and motor vehicle safety laws. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Transpor\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ation Law\\\hich\f1 Mich. Comp. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  257.663a.pdf \line \line Tennessee: \line \hich\f1 
According to Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1 38750: \line 2. The owners of motor vehicles are subject to the provisions of Chapter 1 (commencing with Section 33000) of Division 16 of the Vehicle Code. \line 3. Product liabili\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y laws may apply to the context of autonomous vehicles. \line 4. Provisions applicable to liability. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\
Vehicle Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1 38750.pdf \line \line Oregon: \line Summary: Pr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
duct liability laws applicable to autonomous vehicles are outlined in California Code - Section 17.22, Florida Code - Section 768.81, and Michigan Code - Section 600.2957. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 aw\\California\\Vehicle Law\\Cal. Code _ 17.22.pdf \line 2) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Product Liability\\
Fla. Stat. _ 768.81.pdf \line 3) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Pr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 duct Liability\\Mich. Comp. Laws _ 600.2957.pdf \line \line 
Connecticut: \line According to California Unmanned Aircraft Systems Law SB 347 (2015): \line 2. The bill would provide that requiring a local authority or law enforcement to equip its responding officers with equipm\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nt capable of decrypting data will only apply to the extent it is permissible under federal law. \line 3. The bill would make conforming changes in existing law. Public Resources Code, relating to unmanned aircraft systems. 
\line 4. The people of the State of Calif\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rnia do enact as follows. \line \line According to North Carolina Unmanned Aircraft Systems Law SB 744 (2014): \line 
4. AN ACT TO REGULATE THE USE OF UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS and to provide that the department names and monetary award information for owners of unclaime\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 property are confidential, as recommended by the Joint Legislative Oversight Committee on Unbanked and Underbanked Consumers on the General Statutes Commission study of unclaimed property laws. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research\\RAG-app\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Unmanned Aircraft Systems Law SB 347 (2015).pdf \line 2) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\
Unmanned Aircraft Systems Law SB 744 (2014).pdf \line \line Mississippi: \line I am sorry, but I \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
o not have access to specific information regarding the states with product liability laws that apply to autonomous vehicles in the given context. Feel free to provide more context or ask another question related to transportation cybersecurity legislatio
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s for further assistance. \line \line Oklahoma: \line 
According to Califorina Vehicle Code Division 16.7, Sections 38750-38758, product liability laws apply to the context of autonomous vehicles. \line \line References: \line 1) D:\\TraCR\\Transportation Cybersecurity Legislations\\Calif
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rnia\\Calif_Veh_Code_Div_16.7.pdf \line \line South Carolina: \line \hich\f1 According to Mich. Comp. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  257.664a, the legislation on Michigan's product liability laws states: 
\line \line \hich\f1 1. Michigan has product liability laws for autonomous vehicles through Mich. Comp. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  257.664a.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Transportation\\\hich\f1 Mich. Comp. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  257.664a.pdf \line \line Indiana: \line \hich\f1 According to California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750-38785: \line 
California has product liability laws that app\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y to the context of autonomous vehicles. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Transportation\\\hich\f1 Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\'a7\loch\f1  38750-38785.pdf \line \line Utah: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1799.145: \line "(a) For the purp\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ses of this chapter, \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 product liability\'94\loch\f1 
 includes an action against a manufacturer or product seller, including a lessor, of a driverless capable vehicle, as defined in Section 38750 of the Vehicle Code, based upon ***the systems are made available for th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  reasonable and expected use of the systems by the public within the intended scope of the autonomous technology design feature.***" \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Consumer Protection\\Cal.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1799.145.pdf \line \line West Virginia: \line 
Based on the given context, there is no specific information provided about the states with product liability laws that apply to autonomous vehicles. \line \line References: \line N/A \line \line Maryland: \line I cannot provide specific info
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
mation on state-wise product liability laws as the necessary data is not provided in the context. If you have additional information or specific details on the states relevant to your query, feel free to provide them for further assistance. \line \line 
Kansas: \line Acc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rding to La. R.S. 32:398(A): \line 
1. Any product liability law that applies to the manufacturers of autonomous vehicles shall apply to the manufacturer of any installed autonomous technology. \line 2. For purposes of this section, the term "autonomous technology" 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 eans technology installed on a motor vehicle that has the capability to drive the vehicle on which the technology is installed without the active control or monitoring of a human operator. 
\line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Curre\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Transportation Law\\La. R.S. _ 32:398.pdf \line \line Arkansas: \line 
\hich\f1 According to California Business and Professions Code \'a7\loch\f1  14247: \line 1. This section applies to an autonomous vehicle that is operated with the automated driving system engaged,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 regardless of whether any person is physically present in the vehicle during the operation. \line 2. This section does not apply to any of the following autonomous vehicles when the automated driving system is engaged: \line 
a. A vehicle being operated by a manufa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 turer solely for the purpose of testing or development. \line 
b. A vehicle that is part of a testing or deployment program that has been approved by the United States Department of Transportation. \line 3. There are no defects in the autonomous vehicle that are pre\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ent in the vehicle when the vehicle is sold to the vehicle's owner and that cause the vehicle to fail to perform its safety functions as described in the owner's manual. \line 
4. This section shall not be construed to affect any liability that arises from the \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 roximate cause of the injuries and damage. \line 
5. This section shall not be construed to affect any applicable product liability laws. \line 6. This section shall not be construed to affect any liability under any other applicable law. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 U\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ser\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Business and Professions Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code \'a7\loch\f1  14247.pdf \line \line Idaho: \line 
\hich\f1 According to Neb. Rev. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  60-6901: \line 1. Unless a motor vehicle is converted by a third party into an auton\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
mous vehicle, product liability laws that apply to autonomous vehicles do not apply to any person who did not alter the vehicle's original manufacturing or design. \line 
2. Nothing in the act shall be construed to affect the liability of the original manufactu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 er or designer of the motor vehicle under any applicable product liability laws. \line 
3. Product liability laws that apply to autonomous vehicles specifically exclude a third party who alters the vehicle from the liability associated with the original manufac\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
urer or designer's design. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nebraska\\Transportation\\\hich\f1 Neb. Rev. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  60-6901.pdf \line \line North Carolina: \line 
\hich\f1 According to Michigan Compiled Laws Service \'a7\loch\f1  257.2189: \line 1. "[...] T\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
is act provides that only manufacturers of autonomous vehicles will initially be subject to product liability law. The legislation allows claims against a manufacturer for damages when, among other things, an alleged defect is present in a vehicle when it
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 left the control of the manufacturer, the defect caused the harm in question, and the vehicle is being used in a manner that is reasonably foreseeable." \line \line References: \line 1) \\
Transportation Cybersecurity Legislations\\Autonomous Vehicles\\Product Liability Law\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Michigan Compiled Laws Service \'a7\loch\f1  257.2189.pdf \line \line Texas: \line \hich\f1 
According to Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1799.6: \line 1. (a) This chapter shall apply to any manufacturer of autonomous vehicles, as defined in Section 387.10 of the Vehicle Code, or autonomous vehicle technology,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 as defined in Section 387.10 of the Vehicle Code, that is offered for public sale or operated on public roads in this state. \line 
2. (b) This chapter shall not apply to any person who converts a vehicle by altering, installing, or affixing an autonomous techn\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
logy system to enable the vehicle to be capable of autonomous operation. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Legal Codes\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 1799.6.pdf \line \line California: \line According to California Vehicl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  Code \'a7\'a7\loch\f1  38750-38762: \line 
a. Vehicle Code section 38750 (a) requires that an autonomous vehicle meet all applicable federal motor vehicle safety standards and be certified by the manufacturer as meeting all testable safety standards. \line b. Vehicle Code section
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 38754 allows for the Department of the California Highway Patrol to undertake regulation of autonomous vehicles. \line 
c. Vehicle Code section 38755 requires manufacturers to certify that autonomous vehicles comply with all requirements for registration pursua\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t to Section 38750. \line 
d. Vehicle Code section 38757 allows local authorities to regulate the operation of autonomous vehicles on their roadways. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\
Transportatio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Cal. Veh. Code _ 38750-38762.pdf \line \line Montana: \line \hich\f1 Summary: Virginia's legislation under Virginia Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 46.2-1020 defines that a vehicle controlled by an automated driving system shall be considered a driver or operator for regulatory purposes unless specifie\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 by federal law or safety standards. This impacts liability laws surrounding autonomous vehicles. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\\hich\f1 Title 42 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 9601.pdf \line 2) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\R\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 G-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\\hich\f1 Virginia Code \'a7\loch\f1  46.2-1020.pdf \line \line Massachusetts: \line \hich\f1 
According to California Code, Civil Code - CIV \'a7\loch\f1  1797.81: \line 1. A manufacturer of an autonomous vehicle is liable for any damages caused by the vehicle when the autonomous techn\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
logy is engaged, if the damages were proximately caused by the manufacturer's failure to comply with certain requirements. \line 
2. The liability of a manufacturer for damages caused by an autonomous vehicle when the autonomous technology is engaged is limited\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 to specified amounts based on vehicle weight. \line 
3. In a product liability action involving an autonomous vehicle, certain additional requirements and conditions may apply. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity La
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 California\\General\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civil Code - CIV \'a7\loch\f1  1797.81.pdf \line \line Iowa: \line 
According to NHTSA Automated Vehicles 3.0, California and Michigan have product liability laws that apply to the context of autonomous vehicles. \line \line References: \line 1) NHTSA Automated Vehicles 3.0\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line 
New Jersey: \line According to Illinois Compiled Statutes Chapter 430 Section 60/5: \line Illinois has product liability laws that apply to the context of autonomous vehicles. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\TraCR\\
Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislati\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ns\\Illinois\\Illinois Compiled Statutes\\Chapter 430\\Chapter 430 ILCS 60.pdf \line \line Washington: \line 
I am sorry, I could not find any information related to product liability laws that apply to the context of autonomous vehicles in the provided contexts. If you have\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
any specific information related to this topic, please provide it for me to assist you further. \line \line References: \line \line Louisiana: \line \hich\f1 According to Minn. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  540.17: \line 
a. A product liability claim shall not be asserted against a manufacturer or seller in a claim \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f the claim is based on a product: \line 
1. That is not in the same or substantially similar condition to the condition in which the product was sold; \line 2. That was altered by a person other than the manufacturer or seller and the alteration was a \line proximate ca
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 se of the harm for which relief is sought; or \line 
3. That has not been used in a manner reasonably anticipated by the manufacturer, but the product liability claim may be made by a person injured for physical harm caused by the product if the product liabili\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y claim is not one for harm to the product itself. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Product Liability\\Minn. Stat. _ 540.17.pdf \line 
\line Maine: \line According to California AB-1816: \line 1. California \line 2. Mic\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 igan \line 3. New York \line 4. Tennessee \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\AB-1816.pdf \line \line Alabama: \line According to California VEHICLE CODE - VEH, Division 15.24, Section 38750-38759: \line a. "_California's a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tomated vehicle law establishes a framework of regulations for the testing and deployment of automated vehicles, including autonomous vehicles. This law specifies requirements related to the testing, deployment, insurance, and reporting of accidents invol
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ing autonomous vehicles._" \line \line Reference: \line 1) California_VEHICLE CODE - VEH, Division 15.24, Section 38750-38759 \line \line North Dakota: \line \hich\f1 According to U.C.C. \'a7
\loch\f1  2-314: \line 1. The concept of the "merchant marketability rule" states that goods must be of "fair and averag\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 quality" and "fit for the ordinary purposes for which such goods are used." \line 2. The concept of "merchant products liability" makes merchants responsible for ensuring that the goods they sell are fit for their intended purposes. \line \line 
Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 U\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ser\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Product Liability\\Cal. Com. Code _ 2-314.pdf \line \line Alaska: \line \hich\f1 
According to La. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  32:398.2: \line Louisiana has product liability laws that apply to the context of autonomous vehicl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users
\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Transportation\\La. Rev. Stat. Ann. _ 32:398.2.pdf \line \line Ohio: \line \hich\f1 According to Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  482A.160: \line 
1. A manufacturer or seller of an autonomous vehi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
le is not subject to liability with respect to an incident caused by alterations to the vehicle by a third party that occur after the vehicle is sold; and \line 
2. A person is not liable for any harm caused by the autonomous operation of the vehicle if the veh\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
cle's owner strictly complied with the manufacturer's instructions, warnings, and software updates in a timely manner. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Autonomous Vehicles
\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 4\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 82A.160.pdf \line \line Pennsylvania: \line \hich\f1 According to California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750-38757: \line 
1. California has product liability laws that apply to the context of autonomous vehicles. \line 2. It is required that manufacturers of autonomous vehicles comply with these spe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ific laws. 
\line \line References: \line 1) AV Product Liability - CVC.pdf \line \line New Mexico: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1799.60: \line 
1. A manufacturer of an autonomous vehicle shall be strictly liable for any incident in which the autonomous technology is the proximate cau\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e of the incident when the vehicle is in autonomous mode. \line 2. In determining damages, a court shall consider the extent to which a person\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s actions or inactions contributed to the incident. \line 
3. The manufacturer is not liable if the vehicle\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s autonomous te\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 hnology was modified by anyone other than the manufacturer and the modification was not authorized. 
\line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Products Liability\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1799.60.pdf \line \line Kentucky\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1799.40 - 1799.47: \line \line 
1. "Product liability laws that apply to autonomous vehicles generally apply to manufacturers and developers of autonomous technology." \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-ap\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\\
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Legal Guidelines\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\'a7\loch\f1  1799.40-1799.47.pdf \line \line Hawaii: \line \hich\f1 According to Mich. Comp. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  257.2211: \line 
1. "A product liability claim that alleges that injuries or damages were caused by a defect in the design or\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
manufacturing process of an automated driving system for a motor vehicle shall generally be evaluated with the same degree of care and scrutiny by a court as the court would exercise in evaluating the merits of a claim involving a similar advanced driver 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ssistance system or other vehicle safety innovation with the objective of ensuring appropriate compensation for damages." \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Product Liability\\Mich. Comp. Laws _ \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 57.2211.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 1799.82: \line California has product liability laws that could apply to the context of autonomous vehicles. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Californ
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\\Civil Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1799.82.doc \line \line South Dakota: \line \hich\f1 According to Mich. Comp. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  257.2585(4): \line 
Liability under this section is determined under applicable product liability law, which applies to the use or operation of those vehicles. \line \line Referenc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box
\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Transportation\\\hich\f1 Mich. Comp. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  257.2585.pdf \line \line Illinois: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.90.5: \line 
"A manufacturer of an autonomous vehicle shall not be liable \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
n a products liability action brought by a claimant on any basis for any harm that results from the conversion or duplication of data by a third party if the manufacturer establishes that the data's conversion or duplication was not reasonably foreseeable
.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 " \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Autonomous Vehicles\\\hich\f1 California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.90.5.pdf \line \line 
Based on the provided contexts, the states with product liability laws that apply to the contex\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  of autonomous vehicles are California, Michigan, Virginia, and Illinois}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid6108933 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6108933 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000304d
6f1c05deda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}