{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff1\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f52\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f441\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f442\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f444\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f445\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f446\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f447\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f448\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f449\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1263605\rsid2376706\rsid4864258\rsid7824290}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}
{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min47}{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr15\min8}{\version4}{\edmins1}{\nofpages15}{\nofwords5264}{\nofchars30005}{\nofcharsws35199}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot2376706 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4864258 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q48. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid4864258 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What are some state law provisions that address autonomous vehicles}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid4864258 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid2376706 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid4864258 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid4864258 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line 5. Arizona \line 6. Colorado \line 
7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island \line 11. Nebraska\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 18. Oregon \line 
19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. South Carolina \line 23. Indiana \line 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. Kansas \line 28. Arkansas \line 29. Idah\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 40. Alabama \line 
41. North Dakota \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. New Mexico \line 46. Kentucky \line 47. H\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 waii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 50. Illinois 
\line \line New Hampshire: \line \hich\f1 According to Nev. Rev. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  482A.082: \line 1. An autonomous vehicle is exempt from provisions that: \line a. Prohibit texting or the use of a handheld wireless communications device while dri
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ing a motor vehicle; \line b. Allow the operator of a motorcycle to pass another vehicle in the same lane in certain circumstances; and \line 
c. Regulate the following a safe distance as it relates to the autonomous system of a vehicle. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\Us\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Traffic Regulations\\Nev. Rev. Stat. _ 482A.082.pdf \line \line Delaware: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750: \line 
1. State law provisions addressing autonomous vehicles include requirements for a manufac\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
urer to certify compliance with the testing and safety standards set forth in this code before operating autonomous vehicles on public roads. \line 
2. This legislation also requires submission of a final written report on the testing of autonomous vehicles to \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
he Department of Motor Vehicles. This report must include detailed information regarding the vehicle's performance in various scenarios and data on disengagements from autonomous mode. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 bersecurity Law\\California\\Vehicle Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750.pdf \line \line Virginia: \line \hich\f1 
According to Michigan Auton. Vehicle Legis. MCL \'a7\loch\f1  257.665: \line 1. A motor vehicle that is operated with the automated driving system engaged is considered to have a human operato\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 present in the vehicle. \line 
2. The vehicle manufacturer must submit a safety plan that identifies the vehicle safety level for each automated driving system design feature in accordance with the Society of Automotive Engineers standard J3016 as part of the 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nnual autonomous vehicle testing permit application. \line 
3. The testing or deploying entity must report a crash involving an automated driving system within one business day after the day the crash occurred. \line \line References: \line 1) Autonomous Vehicles Legislation \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n the United States\\Michigan\\Michigan Autonomous Vehicle Legislation MCL Act 314 of 2016.pdf \line \line New York: \line According to CA TNC 5433: \line a. A \line b. B \line c. C \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users
\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Transpo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tation\\CA TNC 5433.pdf \line \line Arizona: \line \hich\f1 Summary: California Vehicle Code \'a7
\loch\f1  38750 outlines provisions for autonomous vehicles, including requirements for permits, operation on public roads, penalties for violations, and liability considerations. The division is\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 intended to promote the safe development, testing, and operation of autonomous vehicles. \line \line References: \line 1. C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\Cal. Veh. Code\\Autonomous Vehicles\\\hich\f1 Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 38750.pdf \line \line Colorado: \line Summary of the response: \line State law provisions ad\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ressing autonomous vehicles in Colorado, as per Legislation code C.R.S. 43-1-130, includes a range of requirements such as summarizing the current status and future advancements of autonomous motor vehicle technology, outlining safety benefits and risks i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cluding cybersecurity, identifying infrastructure modifications needed, and summarizing legal issues related to autonomous vehicles. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law
\\Colorado\\Transportation\\C.R.S. 43-1-130.pdf \line \line Georgia: \line According to S.D. Codi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ied Laws \'a7\loch\f1  32-33-1: \line 
1. No automaker can be held liable for damages resulting from modifications to autonomous vehicles made by third parties provided that the person driving the vehicle has not made the modifications. \line 2. This provision does not apply to
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 any claim for damage caused by any manufacturer for harm resulting from the original manufacturing of the vehicle. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\
RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Dakota\\Transportation\\SD Codified Laws 32-33-1.p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f \line \line Vermont: \line \hich\f1 According to Mich. Comp. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  257.665: \line 
1. A person who has obtained an autonomous vehicle manufacturer license shall report to the department, not more than six hours after the event in which an autonomous vehicle operating on the public \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 oads of this state is involved in an accident. \line 2. A person who violates this section is responsible for a civil infraction. \line 
3. Each manufacturer shall submit a report to the department, on a quarterly basis, detailing any accidents involving an autonomo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s vehicle the manufacturer has operated in this state. \line 
\line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Transportation\\\hich\f1 Mich. Comp. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  257.665.pdf \line \line Wyoming: \line \hich\f1 According to Michigan Compiled Laws 
\'a7\loch\f1  257.668: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
1. Section 17a provides that the testing of automated driving systems can be conducted by an individual or a partnership between individuals who possess the appropriate permits and are in compliance with the guidelines set forth by the Michigan Department
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 of Transportation. \line 
2. Section 20 allows for the operation of automated motor vehicles on public roads in Michigan, given that specific requirements are met, including obtaining a certificate of compliance from the Michigan Department of State. \line 3. Sectio
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  37 mandates that manufacturers of automated motor vehicles must submit a safety evaluation report to the Michigan Department of State for review and approval. \line \line References: \line 
1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Autonomous Vehicle Legislation\\\hich\f1 Mich. Comp. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  257.668.pdf \line \line 
Rhode Island: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750: \line 1. Autonomous vehicle testing permits are issued for Autonomous vehicls. \line 2. Autonomous vehicle testing permit application requires submis
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ion of documentation bearing an electronic signature. \line 3. SVIA, SVPK, and SV-015 documents have been combined to the "Autonomous Vehicle Tester Program Application." \line 
4. DMV and CHP assess and interact with the electronic submission of these documents. \line 5.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  The submission includes attestations, certifications, and other information required by CVC \'a7\loch\f1 38750. \line 
6. Terms and Conditions, Acknowledgements, and Affirmations required for these documents are specified in the applications. \line 7. Applications submitted th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ough DMV's Autonomous Vehicle Tester Program Website are accepted by the Department. \line 8. An application is incomplete if the Department identifies a deficiency. \line 
9. Amendments and maintenance of application documentation shall be done promptly by the appl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cant. \line \line References: \line 1) File Path: C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app
\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Vehicle Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Veh. Code_\'a7\loch\f1 _38750.pdf \line \line Nebraska: \line \hich\f1 According to California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750-38759: \line 1. Disallow autonomous vehicles fr
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m being operated without a human present. \line 2. Require continuous communication link between the autonomous vehicle and remote operator. \line 
3. Allow remote operation of autonomous vehicles for commercial on-demand passengers services only. \line \line References: \line 1) \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Vehicle Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750-38759.pdf \line \line Nevada: \line \hich\f1 According to California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750: \line 
1. A Manufacturer seeking to deploy autonomous vehicles in California mu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
t apply for and receive a deployment permit from the Department of Motor Vehicles. The permit shall include a certification that the autonomous vehicles comply with all provisions of this division. \line 
2. The Department of the California Highway Patrol shall\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
provide the Department of Motor Vehicles with recommended safety standards that should be incorporated into the regulations for the safe operation of autonomous vehicles. \line 
3. Provides that the deployment of autonomous vehicles without a valid deployment p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rmit constitutes an unlawful practice under the Consumer Legal Remedies Act. \line \line Reference: \line 
1) California - AB 2140 - 2012 Regular Session - California Vehicle Code 38750 \line \line Michigan: \line \hich\f1 According to MCLS \'a7\loch\f1  257.204a: \line 1. State law provisions addressing autono\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ous vehicles can be found under chapter III, regarding licenses issued to individuals (a). \line 
2. The law also applies to "a conviction, civil infraction determination, or other licensing action" for violations of the act or local ordinances (b). \line 3. Additio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ally, provisions cover accidents involving individuals with driving records (e). \line 
4. The secretary of state is tasked with maintaining a central file of individual driving records, including information related to autonomous vehicles as required by law (i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 )\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 . \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Transportation\\MCLS _ 257.204a.pdf \line \line Florida: \line \hich\f1 According to California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750-38754: \line 
1. The liability of the owner of an autonomous vehicle or the autonomous technology entity is determ\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ned by ordinary negligence principles. \line 
2. Autonomous vehicles must comply with all applicable federal and state safety regulations. \line 3. It is required that the deployment of autonomous vehicles complies with federal vehicle safety standards. \line \line References
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 1) California_Vehicle_Code.pdf \line \line Missouri: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750-38759: \line 
1. Automated Driving System Definition and Evaluation Program. \line 2. Safety Evaluation Report and Deployment Recommendations. \line 3. Registration and Licensing of Autonom\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 us Vehicles. 
\line 4. Liability of Autonomous Vehicle Manufacturers. \line 5. Cybersecurity Measures for Autonomous Vehicles. \line 6. Reporting of Autonomous Vehicle Crashes. \line 7. Data Access and Privacy. \line 8. Autonomous Vehicle Advisory Council. \line 
9. Preemption of Local \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 R\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 egulations. \line \line References: \line 1) \\State Laws\\California\\\hich\f1 Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750-38759.pdf \line \line Wisconsin: \line \hich\f1 
According to Or. Rev. Stat. \'a7\'a7\loch\f1  801.258 to 801.271: \line 1. "Automated driving system" means the hardware and software that are collectively capable of performi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
g the entire dynamic driving task on a sustained basis, regardless of whether it is limited to a specific operational design domain. \line 
2. "Autonomous vehicle" means a vehicle equipped with an automated driving system where, if during a trip, the automated \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
riving system is engaged to perform part or all of the dynamic driving task on a sustained basis. \line 3. Provisions: ORS 816.022, ORS 801.259, ORS 810.415. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\Vehicle \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 R\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 egulations\\\hich\f1 Or. Rev. Stat. \'a7\'a7\loch\f1  801.258 to 801.271.pdf \line \line Tennessee: \line According to 625 ILCS 5/1-215: \line 
1. "Automated driving system" means the hardware and software that are collectively capable of performing the entire dynamic driving task on a sustained basi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
, regardless of whether it is limited to a specific operational design domain. An ADS may be collectively capable of performing on-road (SAE Level 3, Level 4, or Level 5) and off-road (Level 4 or Level 5) dynamic driving tasks. \line 
2. "Dynamic driving task" \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
eans all of the real-time operational functions required to operate a vehicle in on-road and off-road traffic. The dynamic driving task includes recognizing and responding to the driving environment and includes, without limitation, the operational and ta
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tical aspects of the driving task. \line 
3. "Highly automated vehicle" means a vehicle equipped with an automated driving system designed to function as an SAE Level 3, Level 4, or Level 5 system. \line 4. "Automated vehicle" means a vehicle equipped with an automa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ed driving system that performs the entire dynamic driving task on a sustained basis. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Code of Illinois
\\625 ILCS 5-1-215.pdf \line \line Oregon: \line According to Mich. Comp.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Laws \'a7\loch\f1  257.2089: \line 
1. An automated motor vehicle manufacturer shall establish a data recording system that: \line a. Is installed in each automated motor vehicle that transfers to the manufacturer technical vehicle data in real-time, contemporaneously with the 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 echnical data being used by the automated motor vehicle. \line 
b. Is capable of reporting, at a minimum, all data that is required to be recorded and maintained by the automated motor vehicle with respect to vehicle position, motor vehicle speed, motor vehicle\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 heading, brake activation, throttle position, steering angle, gear position, lamp status, turn signal status, and any other data available to the automated system of the automated motor vehicle under normal operations. 
\line \line Reference: \line 1) /state_law_provisio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s_addressing_autonomous_vehicles/Mich. Comp. Laws_257.2089.pdf \line \line Connecticut: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 
The California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750 outlines provisions for autonomous vehicles, requiring owners or lessees to obtain an autonomous vehicle testing permit, provide a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
legal driver training program, maintain specific insurance coverage, submit safety and validation plans, and ensure employees have completed relevant training. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Californi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Vehicle Code\\Cal. Veh. Code _ 38750.pdf \line \line Mississippi: \line \hich\f1 According to California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750-38759.1: \line 
\hich\f1 1. California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750-38759.1 addresses autonomous vehicles and requires the Department of Motor Vehicles to adopt regulations reg\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rding the operation of autonomous vehicles. \line 
2. These regulations cover various aspects, including requirements for testing autonomous vehicles on public roads, reporting accidents involving autonomous vehicles, and ensuring that autonomous vehicles meet \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ertain safety standards. \line \line References: \line 1) California_Vehicle_Code.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750: \line 
1) Location data generated by an autonomous vehicle may not be used by the manufacturer for any purpose other than automated driving \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ystem development, testing, or diagnostics. \line 
2) All data shared by a manufacturer to a third party must be de-identified. \line 3) The manufacturer must maintain a public webpage that details the information collected, how it is used, and how it is shared. \line \line R
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ferences: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Vehicle Regulations\\\hich\f1 Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750.pdf \line \line 
South Carolina: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750: \line 1. (a) The department shall adopt regulations for the tes\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ing and future deployment of autonomous vehicles. \line 2. (b) Autonomous vehicle testing and deployment regulations adopted by the department shall apply to all of the following: \line i. Manufacturers of autonomous technology. \line 
ii. Testers of autonomous vehicles.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 iii. Cities, counties, cities, or local agencies that authorize or regulate autonomous vehicle testing. \line 
3. (c) The department shall adopt regulations that include a process for the submission and approval of annual deployment reports. \line 4. (d) The depart\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ent shall work with the Department of the California Highway Patrol to ensure compliance with all requirements related to the testing and deployment of autonomous vehicles. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 aw\\California\\Vehicle Law\\\hich\f1 Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750.pdf \line \line Indiana: \line According to California Vehicle Code section 38750-38755: \line 
- Dictates the California Autonomous Vehicle Legislation, which allows for the testing and operation of autonomous vehicles. \line - Est\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
blishes requirements and procedures for autonomous vehicle testing. \line - Requires a manufacturer to submit an application for testing fully autonomous vehicles on public roads. \line - Outlines insurance requirements for autonomous vehicles. \line 
\line References: \line 1) C:\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Transportation\\Cal. Veh. Code _ 38750-38755.pdf \line \line Utah: \line Summary of Response: \line 
The response outlines definitions related to automatic license plate reader systems, captured plate\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
data, governmental and nongovernmental entities, and secured areas as per Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  41-6a-2002. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Transportation\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  41-6a-2002.pdf 
\line \line West Virginia: \line \hich\f1 According to California Vehicle Code \'a7\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 38750-38759: \line \line 
1. State law provisions that address autonomous vehicles include, but are not limited to, the following requirements: \line a. Requires a manufacturer of autonomous technology to submit a safety assessment certification to the department. \line b. Es
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ablishes a permitting program for the testing of autonomous vehicles on public roads. \line 
c. Requires a driver to be present in the vehicle and capable of taking control in certain situations. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Curr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nt Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Vehicle Code\\\hich\f1 Cal Veh Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750-38759.pdf \line \line Maryland: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750-38759: \line 
1. The following requirements apply to the testing of autonomous vehicles on public roads: "The California Department of M\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tor Vehicles...approving one or more manufacturers...to test vehicles that do not meet federal motor vehicle safety standards..." \line 
2. "Manufacturers of autonomous technology must disclose to the California Department of Motor Vehicles...information about \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ny collisions involving a vehicle equipped with autonomous technology within 10 days of the incident..." \line 
3. "The Department of Motor Vehicles will work with the California Highway Patrol and, as necessary, the affected local government to establish proce\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ures by which law enforcement can verify compliance..." \line 
4. "Local authorities may enforce regulations relating to the testing of autonomous technology on public roads, except for regulations governing registration, the licensing of drivers, and the appli\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ation of criminal laws..." \line 5. "The driver of a vehicle equipped with autonomous technology shall not be under the influence of alcohol or drugs while operating the vehicle in autonomous mode..." \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\State_Legislation\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 California\\Cal_Veh_Code_Autonomous_Vehicles.pdf \line \line Kansas: \line Summary: \line 
Ohio state law provisions define terms related to autonomous vehicles, including "automated driving system" and "autonomous vehicle," and outline the dynamic driving tasks these vehicle\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
\hich\f1  can perform. The provisions also address the operation of autonomous vehicles and can be found in Ohio Rev. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  4511.01. \line \line Reference: \line \hich\f1 Ohio Rev. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  4511.01 \line \line Arkansas: 
\line \hich\f1 According to Mich. Comp. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  257.20b: \line 1. Autonomous vehicles are\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
not considered motor vehicles operated by humans and are authorized to be operated on the public roads of this state. \line 
1. For purposes of tort liability, an automated motor vehicle in autonomous mode is considered a motor vehicle operated by a human. \line 3. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 T\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
he original manufacturer of the automated technology is considered the manufacturer of the motor vehicle in autonomous mode. \line 
4. The original manufacturer is deemed to have sold the motor vehicle in autonomous mode for the purposes of warranty, recalls, s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 fety compliance, and lemon law enforcement. \line 
5. The original manufacturer is deemed to be the seller of the product and the product is considered to be new. \line \line References: \line 1) Autonomous Vehicles Testing Standards\\\hich\f1 MI - Mich. Comp. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  257.20b.doc \line \line 
Idah\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 : \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1 \hich\f1  38750-38759.9 and Or. Rev. Stat. \'a7\'a7\loch\f1  802.700-802.730: \line \hich\f1 
1. California law provisions (Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750-38759.9) address autonomous vehicles, while \line \hich\f1 2. Oregon law provisions (Or. Rev. Stat. \'a7\'a7\loch\f1  802.700-802.730) also cove\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  autonomous vehicles. \line \line References: \line 1. C:\\Documents\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\California\\Cal. Veh. Code.pdf \line 2. C:\\Documents\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\Oregon\\Or. Rev. Stat.pdf \line 
\line North Carolina: \line \hich\f1 According to Connecticut Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  14-1c: \line 1. Defi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 itions concerning autonomous vehicles include: \line a. "Automated driving system" 
\line b. "Automated technology" \line c. "Autonomous vehicle" as a motor vehicle \line 2. Automated systems equipped with an automated driving system must: \line a. Comply with applicable federal l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w \line b. Comply with requirements in 49 C.F.R. Part 583 \line 3. Allows fully autonomous vehicles for operation without a driver present. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Transportation\\Conn. Gen. S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 at. _ 14-1c.pdf \line \line Texas: \line \hich\f1 According to Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  46.2-916.4: \line 
1. The testing of an autonomous vehicle by a manufacturer is allowed if certain conditions are met. \line 2. The Department of Transportation may adopt regulations governing the testing and us\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 of such vehicles. \line 3. A manufacturer testing an autonomous vehicle on the highways must provide proof of financial responsibility. \line 4. The vehicle must comply with all applicable federal standards. \line 
5. The manufacturer must report any incidents occurring\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 during testing. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C: \\ Users \\ User \\ Documents \\ Transportation Cybersecurity Legislations \\
 Virginia \\\hich\f1  Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  46.2-916.4.pdf \line \line California: \line According to California Vehicle Code Division 16.7, Chapter 1: \line \line 1. Section 38750: Legisl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tive findings and declarations \line 2. Section 38751: Definitions \line 3. Section 38750.5: Assignment of department \line 4. Section 38751.1: Technology-neutral standards \line 5. Section 38752: Development of regulations 
\line 6. Section 38752.5: Draft regulations; review and \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 onsultation \line 7. Section 38753: Testing autonomous vehicles; designation of driver \line 
8. Section 38753.5: Test driver training program \line 9. Section 38754: Accident reporting \line 10. Section 38755: Tort liability. \line \line References: \line 1. California Vehicle Code Divisio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  16.7 - Autonomous Vehicles, Chapter 1, Article 1, Sections 38750-38755 \line \line Montana: \line **Summary:** \line \line \hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 46.2-1027 includes provisions for autonomous vehicles in Virginia. It requires manufacturers to submit annual reports on crashes involving a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tomated driving systems, allows law enforcement officers to issue traffic summonses for violations, permits the Department of State Police to establish submission and investigation guidelines, repeals certain requirements for autonomous vehicle operation 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 hile offering a tax refund incentive, defines automated driving systems, and contains an emergency clause. The bill is identical to SB 1495. \line \line **Reference:** \line \line 1) C:\\Users
\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Transportation\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Va. Code Ann. _ 46.2-1027.pdf \line \line Massachusetts: \line \hich\f1 According to Michigan Compiled Laws \'a7\loch\f1 
 257.665: \line 1. An autonomous motor vehicle shall demonstrate compliance with the motor vehicle safety standards established by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administ\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ation. \line 
2. Revenue collected from fees related to autonomous vehicles shall be deposited into the autonomous vehicle fund for specific uses related to connected and automated vehicle research and development. \line 3. Establishes requirements for the operation
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 of autonomous vehicles on the state's roadways, including obtaining an autonomous motor vehicle certificate of compliance. \line 
4. Requires the department to adopt rules to allow for the testing and research and development of autonomous vehicles on the state\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 '\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s roadways. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User
\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Vehicle Legislation\\MCL_257_665.pdf \line \line Iowa: \line \hich\f1 According to California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750-38753: \line \line 
1. State law provisions that address autonomous \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ehicles include requirements for regular testing and reporting of collisions or disengagements during testing. \line 
2. The law requires that manufacturers report all accidents involving autonomous vehicles to the Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV). \line 3. In Cal\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
fornia, autonomous vehicles must meet certain insurance requirements specified by the law. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Vehicle Code\\
Cal. Veh. Code _ 38750-38753.pdf \line \line New Jersey: \line Based\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 on Nev. Rev. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  482A.010: \line 
1. An operator shall maintain, at a minimum, financial responsibility according to chapter 485 of the Nevada Revised Statutes; and \line 2. The operator\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s autonomous vehicle complies with applicable federal motor vehicle safety 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tandards established in 49 C.F.R. part 571. \line \line Reference: \line 1) "Nev_Rv_Stat_Sec_482A_010.txt" \line \line Washington: \line \hich\f1 According to TX TRANSP CODE ANN \'a7\loch\f1 
 1702.003: \line 1. The department shall establish a program to register automated motor vehicles and develop a system t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  enter and track automated motor vehicle registration information. 
\line 2. The department may not require the owner or operator of an automated motor vehicle to comply with a law requiring a person to: \line a. Have a driver's license or commercial driver's licens\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  to operate a motor vehicle; \line b. Present evidence of financial responsibility for a motor vehicle accident. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Texas\\Transportation\\\hich\f1 TX TRANSP CODE ANN \'a7\loch\f1  1702.003.pdf \line \line Loui\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 iana: \line Summary: \line 
Louisiana state law provisions addressing autonomous vehicles require security providers to notify the secretary of effective dates and terminations of liability policies, bonds, or other securities within fifteen business days. Failure t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 provide timely information may result in late fees. The secretary must maintain a record of coverage information and may utilize automated data processing. Additionally, the law exempts vehicle owners from reinstatement fees in cases where liability insu
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ance coverage is in question. The secretary is required to notify individuals prior to taking administrative actions based on insurance cancellation notices. Criteria for implementing a real-time system to verify motor vehicle insurance electronically is 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lso mandated. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Transportation\\La. R.S. _ 32_863.2.pdf \line \line Maine: \line \hich\f1 According to 35-A M.R.S. \'a7
\loch\f1  7101: \line 1. Universal service: "It is the policy of the State that telephone service must continue to be universal\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y available, especially to the poor, at affordable rates." \line 
2. Economic development: "The State shall consider policies that encourage economic development, employ methods of regulation that encourage the development and deployment of new technologies, an\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  encourage acceptable service applications that support economic development initiatives or otherwise improve the well-being of Maine citizens." \line 
5. Homeland security and emergency alerts: "It is the policy of the State to encourage the deployment of the \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nfrastructure necessary to support such a communications system." \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Public Utilities\\35-A M.R.S. _ 7101.pdf \line \line Alabama: \line \hich\f1 According to Me. Rev. Stat. tit. 29-A, \'a7\loch\f1  29-A-205: \line 1. A motor vehicle shall not be ope
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ated upon a public way in autonomous mode unless: \line a. The person in the driver's seat is prepared to take control of the automated driving system; \line 
b. The person operating the automated driving system has a valid driver's license for the appropriate class\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 of vehicle; \line c. The person has selected or activated automated driving mode; 
\line d. The automated driving system is engaged according to permissible conditions. \line 2. Manufacturers of autonomous vehicles must comply with specific requirements related to the sa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e operation of these vehicles. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Volume 2\\\hich\f1 Me. Rev. Stat. _ tit. 29-A \'a7\loch\f1  29-A-205.pdf \line \line North Dakota: \line \hich\f1 According to Or. Rev. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  801.350: \line 
1. "Highly automated vehicle" means a vehicle equipped with technology that enables the vehicle to \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rive itself without active control or monitoring by a human operator. Highly automated vehicle includes a highly automated commercial motor vehicle as defined in ORS 801.491. \line 
2. "Highly automated vehicle technology" means technology installed in a vehicl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  that enables the vehicle to drive itself without active control or monitoring by a human operator. \line 
3. "Motor carrier" has the meaning given that term in ORS 825.005. \line 4. "Vehicle platoon" means a group of individual vehicles traveling together in a unif\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ed manner at electronically coordinated speeds and following distances. \line 
5. "Vehicle-to-infrastructure communication" means electronic communication from a highly automated vehicle to traffic control devices, roadside infrastructure or other vehicles. \line \line R\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ferences: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\Traffic Code\\\hich\f1 Or. Rev. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  801.350.pdf \line \line Alaska: \line According to 2019 Minnesota Statutes 169.011: \line 
1. A "automated driving system" means the hardware and software t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
at are collectively capable of performing the entire dynamic driving task on a sustained basis, regardless of whether it is limited to a specific operational design domain. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 aw\\Minnesota\\Transportation\\Minn. Stat. _ 169.011.pdf \line \line Ohio: \line \hich\f1 According to Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  482A.080: \line 
1. "Autonomous service vehicle" means a vehicle that is: \line (a) Not equipped with a human driver; and \line (b) Operated and managed as part of an auton\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
mous vehicle network for shared use by one or more passengers. \line \line 2. An autonomous service vehicle must be operated or managed in compliance with state laws and regulations concerning autonomous vehicles. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users
\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Autonomous Vehicles\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  482A.080.pdf \line \line Pennsylvania: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. VEH. CODE 
\'a7\loch\f1  38750: \line 2. Directs the Department of Transportation to set safety and performance standards for autonomous vehi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 les. \line 
4. Also requires a manufacturer testing autonomous vehicles on public roads to submit a copy of a written safety assessment to the department. This safety assessment must detail how the autonomous technology functions and is applied in the vehicle. \line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5. Manufacturers must report any accident involving an autonomous vehicle that resulted in property damage, injury, or death within 10 days of the incident to the department. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User
\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecuri\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y Law\\California\\Vehicle Regulations\\Cal. VEH. CODE.pdf \line \line New Mexico: \line 
According to California Vehicle Code, Division 16.7: \line 1. "For purposes of this section, "autonomous vehicle" means any vehicle equipped with technology that has the capability to drive\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
a vehicle without the active physical control or monitoring by a human operator." \line 
2. "The manufacturer of an autonomous vehicle shall maintain a training program for employees responsible for monitoring the autonomous technology that ensures that they ar\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 properly trained regarding how to engage the autonomous technology and how to respond in the event the technology is not engaged." \line 
3. "The operator of an autonomous vehicle shall possess any special training or skills that may be required by the manufac\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urer of the vehicle to ensure safe operation." \line 
4. "Upon the written request of a law enforcement officer in accordance with existing statutory requirements, at the scene of an accident involving an autonomous vehicle, the driver of the vehicle shall prov\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
de to the officer the manufacturer's contact information and a telephone number that provides immediate access to the manufacturer and shall, upon request, provide evidence of the operator's proper certification to operate the vehicle." \line \line 
References: \line 1) \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :\\Users\\User\\Documents\\California\\California_Vehicle_Code.pdf \line \line Kentucky: \line \hich\f1 According to N.R.S. \'a7\loch\f1  482A.060: \line 
State law provisions addressing autonomous vehicles include, but are not limited to: \line 1. The operation of autonomous vehicles on public highways fo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  testing purposes; \line 
2. The requirements for reporting an accident involving a vehicle equipped with autonomous technology; and \line 3. The submission of an annual report by the person testing autonomous technology on public highways. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\
User\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Transportation\\Nevada\\N.R.S. Chapter 482A.pdf \line \line Hawaii: \line \hich\f1 According to HRS \'a7\loch\f1 
 437-52: \line \line 1) State law provisions addressing autonomous vehicles are not mentioned in the context provided. \line \line Referenc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\
Transportation\\HRS _ 437-52.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line \hich\f1 According to CAL. VEH. CODE \'a7\loch\f1  38750: \line 
1. The California Department of Transportation must develop and recommend standards and regulations relating to the use of autonomo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s vehicles. \line 
2. The Department of Motor Vehicles must develop safety standards and performance requirements for autonomous vehicles. \line 3. The Department of Motor Vehicles must also establish a program for the testing of autonomous vehicles on public roads.
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 4. Autonomous vehicles being tested on public roads must comply with specified requirements, such as having a human driver present in the vehicle to take control if necessary. \line 
\line References: \line 1) CA_Laws\\Division 16.7, CA Vehicle Code, D:\\StateLaws\\Califor\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ia\\CA Vehicle Code\\Division 16.7.pdf \line \line South Dakota: \line \hich\f1 
According to Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750-38755: \line 1. California law provisions for autonomous vehicles include registration, equipment, testing, operation requirements, and cybersecurity best practices. \line 2. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 R
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 equirements include the submission of detailed annual reports on the operation of test vehicles on public roads and specific requirements related to cybersecurity incidents and recommended best practices. \line 
3. These provisions establish guidelines for auto\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 omous vehicle manufacturers to follow to ensure the safety and security of their vehicles. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Documents\\
California\\Cal. Veh. Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750-38755.pdf \line \line Illinois: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750-38759: \line 1. The state of C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lifornia addressed autonomous vehicles by enacting specific state law provisions. \line 2. California law establishes requirements for autonomous vehicles, including safety standards and reporting requirements. \line \line 
References: \line 1) California_Vehicle_Code.pdf \line \line S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 me state law provisions that address autonomous vehicles include, but are not limited to: \line \line \hich\f1 
1. California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750 outlines provisions for autonomous vehicles, including requirements for permits, operation on public roads, penalties for violat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ons, and liability considerations. The division is intended to promote the safe development, testing, and operation of autonomous vehicles. \line Summary of the response: \line 
The response outlines definitions related to automatic license plate reader systems, cap\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
ured plate data, governmental and nongovernmental entities, and secured areas as per Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  41-6a-2002. \line Summary: \line 
Ohio state law provisions define terms related to autonomous vehicles, including "automated driving system" and "autonomous vehicl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
," and outline the dynamic driving tasks these vehicles can perform. The provisions also address the operation of autonomous vehicles and can be found in Ohio Rev. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  4511.01}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid4864258 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4864258 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000b027
253905deda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}