{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff1\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f52\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f441\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f442\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f444\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f445\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f446\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f447\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f448\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f449\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1263605\rsid2376706\rsid3293534\rsid7824290}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}
{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min47}{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr15\min9}{\version4}{\edmins1}{\nofpages12}{\nofwords4302}{\nofchars24523}{\nofcharsws28768}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot2376706 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3293534 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q49. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid3293534 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 How is the term "liability" is used in autonomous vehicle operations}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid3293534 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid2376706 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid3293534 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid3293534 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line 5. Arizona \line 6. Colorado \line 
7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 18. Oregon \line 
19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. South Carolina \line 23. Indiana \line 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. Kansas \line 28. Arkans\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s \line 29. Idaho \line 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 40. Alabama \line 
41. North Dakota \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. New Mexico \line 46. Ken\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 50. Illinois 
\line \line New Hampshire: \line \hich\f1 According to California Vehicle Code Division 16.7, Chapter 1, Article 1 \'a7\loch\f1  38750: \line Liabilities stemming from the operation of an autonomous vehicle would typically be pinned
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 on the manufacturer or designer of the vehicle. Additionally, the legislation requires that the autonomous vehicle\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s owner maintain an insurance policy that would cover any potential liabilities that may arise out of the operation of the vehicle. \line Referen\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 es: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Vehicle Code\\Ca. Veh. Code Div. 16.7.pdf \line \line Delaware: \line According to California Vehicle Code Division 18.7 (commencing with section 38750): \line 1. "Liability" means either 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ort liability or implied warranty liability arising out of the manufacture, modification, or installation of an autonomous vehicle. \line 
2. Liability is prescribed by the manufacturers of autonomous vehicles. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Resear\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California
\\Vehicle Code\\Division 18.7.pdf \line \line Virginia: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750: \line Liability with respect to the use or operation of an autonomous vehicle shall be determined in accordance with applicable stat
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  and federal statutory and common law, including the California Evidence Code. \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\
California\\Vehicle\\Cal. Veh. Code.pdf \line \line New York: \line I cannot provide an answer without the \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecessary context information. \line \line Arizona: \line \hich\f1 
According to 49 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  30102, "The term \hich\f1 \lquote \loch\f1 liability\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1  means responsibility or legal obligation for the economic interest of another person." \line \line References: \line 
1) Code of Laws of the United States of America, Title\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
49 - TRANSPORTATION, Subtitle VI - Motor Vehicle and Driver Programs, Part A - General, Chapter 301 - MOTOR VEHICLE SAFETY, 49 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  30102 \line \line Colorado: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750: \line 
Liability for the operation of autonomous vehicles is regul\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ted, and \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
a manufacturer that wishes to test autonomous technology on public roads must first obtain a permit from the Department of Motor Vehicles.\'94\loch\f1  \line \hich\f1 
The liability for accidents involving vehicles equipped with autonomous technology is addressed and \'93\loch\f1 mak\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
s manufacturers that seek a permit for testing autonomous vehicles on public roads liable for any damage caused by autonomous technology failure.\'94\loch\f1  \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Vehicle Re\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ulations\\\hich\f1 Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750.pdf \line \line Georgia: \line 
According to California Vehicle Code Division 18.7 - Autonomous Vehicles: \line 1. Liability may be imposed upon the autonomous technology manufacturer or the manufacturer that modified the vehicle for use with a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tonomous technology. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\California\\California_Vehicle_Code_-_Division_18.7.pdf \line \line Vermont: \line \hich\f1 
According to Michigan Compiled Laws \'a7\loch\f1  257.665: \line Liability for vehicle operations where control i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 shared between the operator and the automated driving system, liability shall be determined according to the standard defined in Section 401, except that recovery for damages may not exceed the limits set forth in Section 313. \line 
Liability for vehicle oper\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tions where an operating design feature, a sensor, a component, or a system in the automated driving system is in a defective condition, unreasonably dangerous, or not reasonably safe, liability will be determined according to the standard set forth in Se
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tion 402. \line 
Liability for vehicle operations where the operator knowingly misuses the automated driving system, liability shall be determined according to the standard set forth in Section 403. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research
\\RAG-app\\T\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ansportation Cybersecurity Regulations\\Michigan\\Michigan Compiled Laws\\\hich\f1 Michigan Compiled Laws \'a7\loch\f1  257.665.pdf \line \line Wyoming: \line Summary: \line 
The term "liability" in autonomous vehicle operations relates to evolving federal safety standards, regulatory agency roles, \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ield data collection and analysis, public safety issues, and data security and privacy concerns. \line \line Reference: \line NTSB Safety Report NTSB/SR-21/01 \line \line Rhode Island: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750: \line 
a. Liability, for purposes of this chapter, includes lia\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ility for injuries to persons or property. \line 
b. A manufacturer of an autonomous vehicle marketed in this state shall have the ultimate authority for the safe design and performance of the autonomous technology installed on the autonomous vehicle. \line c. The m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nufacturer shall be the holder of the autonomous vehicle technology manufacturer's certificate. \line 
d. The manufacturer shall also certify that the autonomous technology meets Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards with respect to the performance of the auto\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 omous technology. \line \line 
References: \line 1) California\\Vehicle Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750.pdf \line \line Nebraska: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750: \line 
Liability refers to the legal responsibility for an incident or event. In autonomous vehicle operations, liability ma\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 be attributed to the vehicle manufacturer, system developer, owner, or operator, depending on the circumstances of the incident. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislations\\California\\
Code_of_California_Vehicle_Cod\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Cal_Veh_Code_38750.docx \line \line Nevada: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750: \line 
"Liability" means legal responsibility for performing a particular action or obligation, receiving damages, or incurring a debt. \line \line References: \line 1) California\\Vehicle Code\\Cal. Veh. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ode \'a7\loch\f1  38750.pdf \line \line Michigan: \line \hich\f1 According to California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750: \line 
Liability for damages caused by the autonomous vehicle is determined by the common law of agency. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Law\\California\\Vehicle Code\\Cal. Veh. Code _ 38750.pdf \line \line Florida: \line According to California AB-87: \line Liability is used in autonomous vehicle operations under Section 38750: \line 
(a) Four levels of liability probably need to be considered: the manufacturer of t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
e system, the operator of the system, the registered owner of the vehicle in which the ADS is installed, and potentially the \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 seller\'94\loch\f1 
 of the ADS standalone. Liability needs to be apportioned among these entities based on their respective roles in the syst\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
m deployment. All of the liability may rest on the manufacturer, or it may shift among these entities based on their actions, agreements, and other circumstances. There is no guarantee that all possible liability scenarios can be addressed prospectively i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  legislation or regulation. \line \line References: \line 1) California_AB-87_2019_AUTO-CYBER-SECURITY_Act.pdf \line \line Missouri: \line 
According to California Autonomous Vehicles Legislation SB-1298: \line 1. Liability in autonomous vehicle operations is used to determine responsibilit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 in case of accidents involving autonomous vehicles. Liability is a crucial aspect to address in autonomous vehicle legislation to ensure that appropriate parties are held accountable for any incidents that may occur during autonomous vehicle operations. 
\line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 References: \line 1) Legislative Counsel's Digest - California Autonomous Vehicles Legislation SB-1298 \line \line Wisconsin: \line According to Maryland Code TRANSPORTATION Section 21-20C-02: \line 
"Liability" means responsibility for an injury or damage to person or property, \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ncompassing civil liability, criminal liability, and financial responsibility, arising at common law or by statute. \line \line References: \line 
1) /Maryland/Transportation/MD TRANSPORTATION Article - Title 21 - Operation of Autonomous Vehicles/MD Code, Transportation,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Title 21 - Operation of Autonomous Vehicles.pdf \line \line 
Tennessee: \line \hich\f1 According to Calif. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750 (a): \line 1. "Customers" means an individual or entity that purchases or leases a fully autonomous vehicle from a manufacturer. \line 2. "Fully autonomous vehicle" 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
eans a vehicle equipped with autonomous technology that has the capability to perform the complete dynamic driving task on a sustained basis, regardless of whether it is limited to a specific operational design domain. \line 
3. "Liability" means the legal resp\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nsibility for an injury or damage caused by the operation of a vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Vehicle Regulations\\Calif. Veh. Code.pdf \line \line Oregon: \line I'm sorry, but the provided conte\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 x\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
t does not include information relevant to the question about how the term "liability" is used in autonomous vehicle operations. If you have more specific information or additional context related to this topic, please provide it so I can assist you furth
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r. \line \line References: \line \line Connecticut: \line According to California Legislation Assembly Bill 1416: \line \line 
Liability in autonomous vehicle operations involves "a matter of determining responsibility if there is a crash, whether insurers, manufacturers or other parties sh\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
uld be responsible for damage, personal injury or death caused when a vehicle is not being manually operated by a human." This legislation aims to address the issue of liability when autonomous vehicles are involved in accidents. \line \line References: 
\line 1) Califor\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ia Legislation Assembly Bill 1416, Section 1: Introduction and Legislative Findings \line 2) California Legislation Assembly Bill 1416, Section 3: Liability Concerns \line 
\line Mississippi: \line \hich\f1 According to Louisiana Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  32:300.1: \line 1. (b) "Liability" means l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
gal responsibility for a matter, including criminal or civil responsibility, implementation of cybersecurity standards, or responsibility for compensation or damages. \line 
2. (c) "Liability limitation" means a provision in an agreement that impose restriction\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  on the extent of liability. \line 
3. (e) "Liability waiver" means a provision that seeks to release a person from liability for their actions or omissions. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Louisi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 na Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  32:300.1.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line \hich\f1 According to Code of Ala. \'a7\loch\f1  8-27-2: \line 
Liability is a key issue for autonomous vehicle operations. The liability model can focus on the human driver, the manufacturer, or a combination of both. \line \line References: \line 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 )\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 File path of the source document where the information was extracted. \line \line South Carolina: \line According to California Vehicle Code Division 16.7 - Automated Vehicles: \line 
Liability in autonomous vehicle operations pertains to "The Attorney General, on behalf of \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
he State, shall recover civil penalties from any person that owns or operates an automated vehicle that operates on the public roads of this state without the required license and certificate specified under this division." \line \line References: \line 
1) C:\\Users\\User\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Vehicle Code\\Cal. Veh. Code Div. 16.7 - Automated Vehicles.pdf \line \line Indiana: \line 
According to California AB-87 Self-driving vehicles: liability: \line 1. Liability is a key concern in autonomous vehic\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e operations. \line 
2. Autonomous vehicle manufacturers need to adhere to regulations regarding liability. \line 3. Manufacturers must have a cybersecurity program to protect against cyber attacks and data breaches. \line 4. Liability for damages caused by an autonomous
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 vehicle may be assigned based on various factors, including the vehicle's level of automation and the actions of the human operator. \line 
5. Legislators are working to establish clear guidelines for liability in autonomous vehicle operations. \line \line References: \line 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 )\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\California AB-87.pdf \line \line Utah: \line According to California Vehicle Code Division 16.7: \line Liabilities arising from the operation of a vehicle in autonomous mode are assigned to the 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 anufacturer of the autonomous technology installed in the vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislations\\California\\
California_Vehicle_Code_Division_16.7.pdf \line \line West Virginia: \line According to California Vehicle Code: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
iability is used in autonomous vehicle operations to determine that the licensed operator of a motor vehicle remains liable for the safe operation of the vehicle at all times when the vehicle is being operated on public roads. Liability may also extend to
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 the manufacturer of the automated driving system if a defect in the system is the proximate cause of an incident involving the vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) Box\\UTD\\PhD Research
\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\California Vehicle Code.pdf \line \line Maryl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nd: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750.7: \line 
Liability is used in autonomous vehicle operations as follows: \line 1. Manufacturers of autonomous technology are liable for damages caused by the failure of the autonomous technology to perform as designed. \line 2. Ow\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ers of autonomous vehicles are not liable for damages caused by the failure of the autonomous technology if the vehicle owner has followed the manufacturer's written instructions regarding the engagement of the autonomous technology. \line 
3. A manufacturer of\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
autonomous vehicles is not liable for damages if the vehicle owner failed to follow the manufacturer's written instructions regarding the engagement of the autonomous technology. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\
RAG-app\\Current Cyberse\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urity Law\\California\\Vehicles\\Cal. Veh. Code _ 38750.7.pdf \line \line Kansas: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750: \line 
Liability in accidents involving autonomous vehicles is determined by various factors including the status of the autonomous technology, whether th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 technology is engaged or disengaged during the accident, and any contributory negligence by the manufacturer, an individual owner, or an autonomous vehicle entity. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Cal\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 fornia\\Vehicle Regulations\\\hich\f1 Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750.pdf \line \line Arkansas: \line \hich\f1 According to California Vehicle Code \'a7
\loch\f1  38750: \line Liability generally describes the legal responsibility for something, such as an individual's actions or the operation of a vehicle. In the c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ntext of autonomous vehicle operations, liability refers to the responsibility for any incidents or accidents involving autonomous vehicles, which may involve a combination of factors such as the technology developer, the vehicle manufacturer, or the vehi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 le owner. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Vehicle Code\\Cal. Veh. Code _ 38750.pdf \line \line Idaho: 
\line I cannot answer that question because I do not have any context provided. \line \line North Carolina: \line Acco\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ding to Calif. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750: \line 
1. Liability in cases of accidents involving autonomous vehicles is determined based on whether the autonomous vehicle technology or the vehicle operator is at fault. \line 2. Manufacturers who fail to comply with regulations
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 related to autonomous vehicles may be held liable in the event of an accident. \line 
3. Owners of autonomous vehicles must maintain financial responsibility, which can include liability insurance, to cover damages in the event of an accident. \line \line References: \line 1)\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C:
\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Vehicle Regulations\\\hich\f1 Calif. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750.pdf \line \line Texas: \line 
According to California Vehicle Code Division 18. Regulations for Testing and Operation of Autonomous Vehicles: \line 1. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 "\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Liability" refers to the legal responsibility of a person or organization for the consequences of an action, in this case, related to the operation of autonomous vehicles. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\\California\\Transportation Code\\Cal. Veh. Code Div. 18.pdf \line \line California: \line According to California Bill AB 87 (Chapter 705, Statutes of 2017): \line 
1. Liability is a major concern in the development of autonomous vehicles, particularly the question of who sho\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ld be held liable in the event of an accident involving an autonomous vehicle. 
\line 2. The legislation also establishes that the manufacturer of an autonomous vehicle shall be deemed to be the operator of the vehicle when the technology is engaged, creating a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
clear line of liability for accidents involving autonomous vehicles. \line \line References: \line 1) California Bill AB 87 (Chapter 705, Statutes of 2017) \line \line Montana: \line 
According to California Vehicle Code Division 13.8 - Autonomous Vehicles, liability in autonomous vehi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 le operations is described as follows: \line \line 
1. The term "liability" is used to describe the assignment of responsibility for a collision or incident involving the autonomous vehicle. \line 2. In cases where the autonomous vehicle is in autonomous mode, liability \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ay be assigned to the autonomous technology provider or the person in control of the vehicle at the time. \line 
3. Additionally, liability may be allocated based on the level of automation of the vehicle and whether the operator was required to intervene. \line 4. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 I\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
t is important to consider liability provisions in autonomous vehicle operations to ensure accountability and proper handling of incidents. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\
California\\Vehicle Code\\CA_V\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 hicle_Code_Div13.8_Autonomous_Vehicles.pdf \line \line Massachusetts: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code Division 24. Autonomous Vehicles Statute 
\'a7\loch\f1  33461(a): \line 2. Liability pertaining to the autonomous vehicle technology is assigned depending on the level of automa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ion present in the vehicle. \line \hich\f1 
3. The California Public Utilities Code \'a7\loch\f1  22772: \line 4. The manufacturer retains liability for vehicle defects in Level 0 automation, while the operator assumes that liability for subsequent levels of automation, except in certai
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  circumstances. \line \hich\f1 5. The California Public Utilities Code \'a7\loch\f1  22772: \line 
6. Overall, liability in autonomous vehicle operations is delineated based on the specific circumstances and the level of automation existing in the vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\Use\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\\
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\Cal. Civ. Code Div. 24 - Statutes_Autonomous Vehicles.pdf \line 2) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Public Utilities Code\\Cal. Public U\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ilities Code _ 22772.pdf \line \line Iowa: \line According to Autonomous Vehicle Legislation Sec. 5: \line 
1. Liability in autonomous vehicle operations involves determining financial responsibility and apportioning blame between the manufacturers, operators, and other parti\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s involved in accidents. \line 2. Establishing clear guidelines for liability is crucial to ensure accountability and fair compensation for damages. \line 
3. Legislation addresses liability concerns to promote the safe development and deployment of autonomous vehic\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 es. \line \line References: \line 1) Legislation on Autonomous Vehicles.docx 
\line \line New Jersey: \line \hich\f1 According to CAL. VEH. CODE \'a7\loch\f1  38750-38759.1: \line Liability in the context of autonomous vehicle operations refers to the legal responsibility associated with the actions of autonomo
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s vehicles. This includes determining who is liable in the event of accidents or incidents involving autonomous vehicles, whether it is the manufacturer, the software developer, the owner, or another party involved in the operation or deployment of the ve
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 icle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Vehicle Code\\\hich\f1 CAL. VEH. CODE \'a7\loch\f1 
 38750-38759.1.pdf \line \line Washington: \line According to California AB-871 Autonomous Vehicles bill: \line Liability in autonomous vehicl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 operations pertains to the responsibility for any damage, which falls on either the owner of the autonomous vehicle or the autonomous vehicle manufacturer. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 T\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ransportation\\California AB-871 Autonomous Vehicles.pdf \line \line Louisiana: \line I cannot provide an answer without additional context. \line \line 
Maine: \line \hich\f1 According to California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750: \line Liability refers to the legal responsibility of autonomous vehicle manufa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
turers and operators for accidents and incidents involving autonomous vehicles. Liability in autonomous vehicle operations involves the allocation of responsibility between the manufacturer, operator, and potentially other parties. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Us\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rs\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Vehicle Code\\California Vehicle Code.pdf \line \line Alabama: \line 
I'm sorry, I currently do not have access to any contexts to provide an answer to your question. If you can provide me with rele\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ant information, I would be happy to assist you. \line \line 
North Dakota: \line According to Michigan SB 995: \line In the context of autonomous vehicle operations, "liability" means responsibility for an incident involving an autonomous vehicle and includes vicarious liabi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ity imposed on a manufacturer or upfitter of an autonomous vehicle for damages caused by the authorized use of the autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) Ohio - H.B. 530 - 133-HB530-HB530_4_CON.TXT \line \line 
Alaska: \line I'm sorry, but I do not have any specific conte\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 x\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
t or information related to how the term "liability" is used in autonomous vehicle operations. If you provide me with relevant information or contexts, I would be happy to help answer your question. \line \line Ohio: \line 
According to California Vehicle Code Division 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 6\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 .7: \line 
1. Liability is a critical issue when it comes to self-driving technology because, in the event of an accident, determining who is at fault and responsible for damages can be complicated. Liability in autonomous vehicle operations can be assigned to 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 he manufacturer, the technology provider, the human operator, or a combination of these parties. \line 
2. Liability frameworks need to be established to address accidents involving autonomous vehicles, and these frameworks must account for the unique circumsta\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ces and complexities of self-driving technology. \line 
3. Developing clear and comprehensive liability guidelines is essential for ensuring accountability, promoting safety, and providing recourse for individuals affected by accidents involving autonomous vehi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 les. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\TraCR\\California_Vehicle_Code_Div_16.7.pdf \line \line Pennsylvania: \line 
According to California Vehicle Code Division 17.6 (commencing with Section 38750): \line 1. "Liability" in autonomous vehicle operations pertains to the\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
requirement that the manufacturer of autonomous technology complies with California's licensing, registration, financial responsibility, and liability insurance laws, among others. \line 
2. Vehicles with autonomous technology are required to maintain liability\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 insurance in the amount of at least one million dollars. \line 
3. Liability in autonomous vehicle operations is also addressed under California's product liability laws to ensure appropriate compensation for any damages or injuries caused by a vehicle's autono\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ous technology. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Transportation Cybersecurity Legislations\\California\\California Vehicle Code Division 17.6.pdf \line \line New Mexico: 
\line \hich\f1 According to Calif. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750: \line 1. Liability is allocated be\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ween the operator and manufacturer of the autonomous vehicle based on the term "autonomous mode." \line 
2. When the vehicle is in autonomous mode, the manufacturer assumes liability for incidents unless the operator allowed the vehicle to operate in a manner n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
t intended by the manufacturer. If the operator alters the software or fails to install updates, the liability shifts back to the operator. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\
California\\Vehicle Regulatio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\\Calif. Veh. Code.pdf \line \line Kentucky: \line \hich\f1 According to California Regulation (Cal. Code Regs, Tit. 13, \'a7\loch\f1  227.67): \line 
1. "The term "liability" means responsibility for consequences of actions or inactions for autonomous vehicle operations." \line 2. "Liability consider\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tions in autonomous vehicle operations are a critical aspect that needs to be addressed in legislation and regulations." \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\TraCR\\California\\Regulations\\\hich\f1 Cal.Code Regs, Tit. 13, \'a7
\loch\f1  227.67.pdf \line \line Hawaii: \line According to Mi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 higan Compiled Laws, Chapter 257, Act 300 of the Public Acts of 1949, sections 257.662a: \line 
When a motor vehicle is operated in autonomous mode by the automated driving system and in compliance with the owner's or operator's instructions, the operator is no\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 liable for the movement or operation of the motor vehicle while it is in autonomous mode. \line \line Reference: \line 1) ./Michigan/Compiled Laws/Act 300 of the Public Acts of 1949/Chapter 257/Section 257.662a \line \line Minnesota: \line 
According to California Vehicle Code Divisio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  16.7, Chapter 1, Article 1, \'a7\loch\f1  38760.5: \line 
A "liability policy, insurance policy, or surety bond" is a requirement for autonomous vehicles to cover potential liability resulting from accidents involving the vehicle. The policy or bond must meet specified mi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 imum amounts to ensure adequate coverage for any potential liabilities arising from autonomous vehicle operations. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law
\\California\\Vehicle Code\\CA Vehicle Code Div 16.7, Ch \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 , Art 1.pdf \line \line South Dakota: \line \hich\f1 According to Illinois Compiled Statutes Chapter 625 \'a7\loch\f1  5/18c-1104: 
\line 3. "Liability" in connection with autonomous vehicle operations means the legal responsibility for any injuries or damages caused by the operation of an autono\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ous vehicle. Liability may be apportioned among the manufacturer of the autonomous vehicle, the person or entity operating the autonomous vehicle, and any other relevant parties based on the circumstances of the incident. \line \line References: \line 
1) C:\\Users\\User\\B\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 x\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Transportation Cybersecurity Legislations\\Illinois\\\hich\f1 Ill. Comp. Stat. ch. 625 \'a7\loch\f1  5_18c-1104.pdf \line \line Illinois: 
\line According to Tennessee SB 1517: \line 1. Vehicle operators shall not be construed to be engaged in the operation of an autonomo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s vehicle. \line 
2. In a crash involving an autonomous vehicle and an insured vehicle where the vehicle is being operated autonomously in autonomous mode with the automated driving system engaged, the fault of the insured or the vehicle operator responsible fo
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  the vehicle shall include: (a) Any negligent actions taken by the operator in engaging the autonomous mode. \line 
3. The department shall not issue a certificate of title or registration for an autonomous vehicle to operate. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Bo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 x\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app
\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Tenn. SB 1517.pdf \line \line The term "liability" in autonomous vehicle operations involves determining responsibility for potential liabilities arising from the operation of the vehicle. According to C
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 lifornia Vehicle Code Division 16.7, Chapter 1, Article 1 \'a7\loch\f1 
 38750, liabilities stemming from the operation of an autonomous vehicle are typically attributed to the manufacturer or designer of the vehicle. Additionally, the legislation requires that the ow\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
er of the autonomous vehicle maintain an insurance policy covering any potential liabilities that may arise. Liability is prescribed by the manufacturers of autonomous vehicles, and liabilities with respect to the use or operation of autonomous vehicles a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e determined in accordance with applicable state and federal statutory and common law, including the California Evidence Code. Manufacturers seeking permits for testing autonomous technology on public roads must obtain a permit from the Department of Moto
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 Vehicles and are liable for any damage caused by autonomous technology failure. Liability for accidents involving vehicles equipped with autonomous technology is addressed, making manufacturers liable for any damages caused. Manufacturers retaining liabi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ity for vehicle defects in certain automation levels and the operator assuming liability in other levels. Liability for incidents involving autonomous vehicles is apportioned among the manufacturer, technology provider, operator, or other involved parties
.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  It is crucial to establish clear guidelines for liability to ensure accountability and fair compensation for damages in autonomous vehicle operations}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid3293534 .}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3293534 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000a09a
fe5605deda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}