{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff1\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f52\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f441\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f442\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f444\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f445\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f446\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f447\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f448\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f449\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1263605\rsid2376706\rsid7824290\rsid11602322}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}
{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min47}{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr15\min10}{\version4}{\edmins0}{\nofpages11}{\nofwords3467}{\nofchars19766}{\nofcharsws23187}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot2376706 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid11602322 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q51. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid11602322 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Who might be liable if a passenger's real-time location is tracked without authorization along the route while using services from an autonomous vehicle}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid11602322 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid2376706 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid11602322 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid11602322 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5. Arizona 
\line 6. Colorado \line 7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island \line 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 18. Oregon \line 
19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. South Carolina \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 23. Indiana \line 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. Kansas \line 28. Arkansas \line 29. Idaho \line 
30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 40. Alabama \line 41.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 North Dakota \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. New Mexico \line 46. Kentucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 50. Illinois \line \line New Hampshire: \line 
According to California Vehicle Code Division 16.7: \line 1. A manufacturer of an autonomous vehicl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 may be subject to a civil penalty if they violate the provisions related to passenger privacy. \line 
2. The manufacturers and entities providing services from autonomous vehicles are required to comply with specified data privacy and cybersecurity provisions \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o protect passengers. \line 
3. Unauthorized tracking of a passenger's real-time location along the route by an autonomous vehicle service provider could lead to liability for violations of passenger privacy laws. \line 4. In the event of unauthorized tracking of a 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 assenger's real-time location, the autonomous vehicle service provider may be held liable for breaching passenger privacy rights. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Vehicle Code\\Cal. Veh. Code\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Div. 16.7.pdf \line \line Delaware: \line \hich\f1 According to California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 38750: \line \hich\f1 In California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750, it states that "An operator of a connected vehicle shall not sell, not publicly disclose, and not use information about how, when, or where the c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nnected vehicle has been used, including information on the real-time location of the vehicle along its route, without the express consent of the owner of the vehicle or the operator of the vehicle." \line \line References: 
\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\TraCR\\Transpo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tation Law\\California\\California Vehicle Code\\California Vehicle Code 2018.pdf \line \line Virginia: \line \hich\f1 
According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.90.1: \line 7. "Passenger data" means data that directly identifies a passenger or uniquely identifies a device that a passeng\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
r uses to communicate with or connect to a connected autonomous vehicle network, regarding a passenger\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s use of autonomous vehicle services, including: \line a. A passenger\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s name; \line b. A passenger
\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s payment information; \line c. A passenger\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s real-time location; \line d.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  A passenger\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s account information with an connected autonomous vehicle network; \line e. Information regarding a passenger\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s use of the connected autonomous vehicle network services, including services requested, services provided, services canceled, and serv\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ces modified; \line 
f. Any other information collected from a passenger solely by virtue of the passenger\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s use of connected autonomous vehicle network services. \line 
10. "Unauthorized access" means access of passenger data by an unauthorized person in breach of s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 curity protocols established by the manufacturer. \line \line Reference: \line 
1) California Civil Code\\California Civil Code\\Cal. Civ. Code _ 1798.90.1.pdf \line \line New York: \line \hich\f1 According to Calif. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  227.63: \line If a passenger's real-time location is tracked without auth
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rization along the route while using services from an autonomous vehicle, the entity that operates the autonomous vehicle service may be liable for unauthorized location tracking. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybers\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 curity Law\\California\\Transportation\\Calif. Veh. Code.pdf \line \line Arizona: \line 
I am sorry, but I couldn't find any context provided for me to answer the question. Could you please provide me with the necessary information so that I can assist you better? \line \line Colorad\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 : \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. MV Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750-38759: \line 
4. Manufacturer, third-party provider of the autonomous vehicle technology, or entity providing the tracking service without authorization might be liable if a passenger's real-time location is tracked along th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  route while using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Motor Vehicles\\Cal. MV Code.pdf \line \line 
Georgia: \line According to The Autonomous Vehicle Cybersecurity Act of \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
019, if a passenger's real-time location is tracked without authorization along the route while using services from an autonomous vehicle, the manufacturer of the automated driving system would likely be liable for such data privacy concerns. \line \line 
References\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\The Autonomous Vehicle Cybersecurity Act of 2019.pdf \line \line Vermont: \line \hich\f1 
According to Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750: \line a. Manufacturers \line b. Person who intentionally modifies a vehicle without autho\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ization \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\
User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Vehicle Code\\Cal. Veh. Code _ 38750.pdf \line \line Wyoming: \line I'm sorry, but I cannot provide an answer based on the given question as there are no specific co
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
texts provided for me to extract information from. If you provide relevant information or contexts related to transportation cybersecurity legislations, I would be more than happy to assist you with the question. \line \line Rhode Island: \line 
According to Tex. Transp.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Code \'a7\loch\f1  545.405: \line 
1. The manufacturer, mechanic, or repairer of the vehicle or a person who holds the possession or control of the vehicle under a security interest if the tracking system was installed by the manufacturer, mechanic, or repairer of the vehi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 le or the holder of the security interest; or \line 
2. The person who installed the tracking system if the tracking system is not original equipment installed by the manufacturer, mechanic, or repairer of the vehicle or the holder of the security interest. \line \line R\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ferences: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Transportation\\Tex. Transp. Code.pdf \line \line Nebraska: \line 
I cannot provide an answer without the necessary context information. \line \line Nevada: \line I'm sorry, there is no specific inf\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rmation in the provided context to answer the question regarding liability for tracking a passenger's real-time location without authorization in an autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: \line N/A \line \line Michigan: \line \hich\f1 
According to the California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.134: \line 1.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
A person who uses a motor vehicle for personal purposes and is not engaged in commercial purposes shall not be responsible for the disclosure or use of information collected from a vehicle's location tracking system. \line 
2. If a passenger's real-time locatio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  is tracked without authorization while using services from an autonomous vehicle, the operator of the autonomous vehicle may be liable. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Privacy Laws\\Cal. Ci\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 . Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.134.pdf \line \line 
Florida: \line I'm sorry, but the contexts provided do not contain information regarding liability if a passenger's real-time location is tracked without authorization in an autonomous vehicle. If you have any other questions or need as
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 istance with different information, please let me know. \line \line Missouri: \line \hich\f1 According to Calif. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.120: \line 
1. Any person who willfully uses an electronic tracking device to determine the location or movement of a person without his or her consent sha\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l be liable. \line 
2. A cause of action for the unlawful use of an electronic tracking device shall be brought by the person who is tracked. \line 3. The person who is unlawfully tracked may also seek a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, or perman
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nt injunction to prevent further tracking. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\\hich\f1 
Calif. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.120.pdf \line \line Wisconsin: \line I am sorry, but I do not have the required context to pro\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ide an answer to the current question. If you could provide me with more information or context on this topic, I would be happy to help you further. \line \line Tennessee: \line 
According to Title 49 - TRANSPORTATION, Chapter 141 - MOTOR VEHICLE SAFETY, Section 49-1472:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
32. The manufacturer of an automated driving system must provide notification to the passenger that the passenger's real-time location is being tracked during the journey when obtaining authorization to use the vehicle. \line 
33. If the passenger's real-time \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ocation is tracked without authorization along the route, while using services from an autonomous vehicle, potential liability may fall on the manufacturer of the automated driving system for not obtaining proper authorization from the passenger. \line 
\line Refere\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ces: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Idaho\\Transportation\\\hich\f1 Idaho Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  49-1472.pdf \line \line 
Oregon: \line Summary: \line According to California Vehicle Code Division 18.7 - Autonomous Vehicles, manufacturers of autonomous vehicle\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 are responsible for ensuring compliance with regulations related to autonomous mode indication, mode deactivation, conversion of vehicles into autonomous vehicles, cybersecurity policies, and liability for the installation of hardware. Manufacturers may 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ace penalties for non-compliance and must adopt cybersecurity measures as per federal guidance. \line \line Reference: \line 
California Vehicle Code Division 18.7 - Autonomous Vehicles. (n.d.). Retrieved from C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\TraCR\\Transportation Cyber\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecurity Legislations\\California\\
California_Vehicle_Code_Division_18.7_Autonomous_Vehicles.pdf \line \line Connecticut: \line I cannot provide the answer as the necessary context or information to answer the question is missing. \line \line Mississippi: \line According to California Ve
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 icle Code \'a7\loch\f1 \hich\f1  227.44 (d) and \'a7\loch\f1  227.46 (b): \line 
A commercial autonomous vehicle developer shall be liable if a passenger's real-time location is tracked without authorization along the route while using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 U\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sers\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Transportation Cybersecurity Legislation\\California\\California Vehicle Code.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line 
According to California Vehicle Code 38750: \line 1. When a passenger's real-time location is tracked without authorization alon\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 the route while using services from an autonomous vehicle, the manufacturer, designer, and operator of the vehicle may be held liable for such actions. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Tran\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 portation\\Cal. Veh. Code 38750.pdf \line \line South Carolina: \line \hich\f1 According to New Mexico Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 55-1-20, if a passenger's real-time location is tracked without authorization along the route while using services from an autonomous vehicle, the manufacturer of t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e autonomous vehicle or the entity that deployed the autonomous vehicle might be liable. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Transportation\\\hich\f1 N.M. Stat. Ann. 
\'a7\loch\f1  55-1-20.pdf \line \line Indiana: \line According t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  22770.13: \line 
a. A passenger who has not authorized the tracking of the passenger's real-time location along the route. \line b. A manufacturer of an autonomous vehicle. \line c. The owner of an autonomous vehicle or the owner's agent. \line \line Ref
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rences: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Transportation Law\\Cal. Veh. Code _ 22770.13.pdf \line \line Utah: \line 
I am sorry, but I couldn't locate the necessary information to answer your query. If you provide me with \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ore details or context, I would be happy to assist you further. \line \line 
West Virginia: \line According to California Vehicle Code Division 24, Chapter 1, Article 3.6: \line a. The manufacturer or designer of the autonomous technology may be liable if a passenger's real-t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 me location is tracked without authorization along the route while using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\
California\\Vehicle Code\\California Vehicle Code Division 2\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 4\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 .pdf \line \line Maryland: \line \hich\f1 According to California Vehicle Code Division 16.7, \'a7\loch\f1  227.60: \line 
In the event that a passenger's real-time location is tracked without authorization along the route while using services from an autonomous vehicle, the liability could exten\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 to the party or entity responsible for the tracking technology and associated cybersecurity measures. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Documents\\TransportationCybersecurity\\California\\California Vehicle Code\\Division 16.7\\\hich\f1 
Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  227.60.pdf \line \line Kansas: \line I am \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 orry, but I cannot find relevant information in the provided context to answer your question. \line \line Arkansas: 
\line According to Autonomous and Connected Vehicles Act: \line 1. The manufacturer of the autonomous vehicle. \line 2. The operator of the autonomous vehicle. \line 3. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 T\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
he provider of the service. \line 4. The owner of the autonomous vehicle. \line 5. The passenger themselves \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\Legislations\\
Autonomous_and_Connected_Vehicles_Act.doc \line \line Idaho: \line Based on the informat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 on in the context: \line \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.90.47: 
\line Section (j) states that "an operator who fails to comply with these requirements of the act is liable for the business information security breach..." which could include real-time loc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tion tracking without authorization along the route while using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\
California Civil Code_chapter 2.6.pdf \line \line North Carolina: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ccording to Calif. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.90.65: \line 
1. A manufacturer of an autonomous vehicle shall be liable for: \line a. Physical injury or wrongful death caused by a defect in the vehicle\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s original manufacturing. \line b. Unauthorized access to the vehicle, including
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tracking of passengers\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1  real-time location along the route. \line 
2. For damages or loss related to unauthorized access, the manufacturer, upon notification by an authorized user, shall provide compensation to the authorized user. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\Us\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\\Documents\\Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislation\\Calif.Civ.Code_Chapter8\\Calif.Civ.Code_1798.90.65.pdf \line \line Texas: \line According to Arizona Revised Statutes Title 28 - Transportation, Section 28-922: \line 
a. An emergency response provider is not liable if an au\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 onomous vehicle passenger's real-time location is tracked * without authorization. \line 
b. If the tracking is authorized, the autonomous vehicle owner would be liable for the tracking. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cyber\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecurity Law\\Arizona\\Transportation\\Arizona Rev. Stat. _ 28-922.pdf \line \line California: \line According to California Senate Bill No. 87: \line 
1. Liability may fall on the operator or the manufacturer of an autonomous vehicle for tracking a passenger's real-time location\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
without authorization along the route while using services from the vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\TraCR\\Transportation Cybersecurity Legislations\\California\\California Senate Bill No. 87.pdf \line \line Montana: \line 
According to California Vehicle Code Divi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ion 16.8, Chapter 1, Article 1, Section 125: \line 
1. If a passenger's real-time location is tracked without authorization along the route while using services from an autonomous vehicle, the person controlling the autonomous vehicle may be liable. \line \line Reference\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 : \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Transportation\\Cal. Veh. Code _ Div. 16.8.pdf \line \line Massachusetts: \line \hich\f1 
According to California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1 30426: \line 1. When a passenger's real-time location is tracked without\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
authorization along the route while using services from an autonomous vehicle, liability may fall on the manufacturer of the autonomous vehicle. \line 
2. If the unauthorized tracking of a passenger's real-time location occurs during the provision of services f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
om an autonomous vehicle, the liability may also extend to the autonomous vehicle technology provider and the autonomous vehicle operator. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\
California\\Vehicle Code\\Cal. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 V\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 eh. Code _ 30426.pdf \line \line Iowa: \line \hich\f1 According to California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750: \line 
Everyone has a right to privacy, which shall include the right to be free from the following: \line ... \line (i) A violation of privacy may constitute a cybercrime under Chapter 13 (comme\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
cing with Section 502) of Title 13 of Part 1 of the Penal Code. \line \hich\f1 (j) Privacy rights and individual cybersecurity protections shall apply to information by other names, including \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 crowdsourced data\'94\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
 or \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 telemetry data,\'94\loch\f1  using emerging technology features a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d services. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Transportation Law\\Cal Veh Code - Division 16.5.pdf \line \line New Jersey: \line I cannot provide an answer without the necessary context information. \line \line Washin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ton: \line \hich\f1 According to Florida Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  316.85: \line 
1. Any entity that owns or has control over the system technology and collects data from autonomous vehicles must have a privacy policy that prohibits the collection, use, or sale of personal information of pass\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ngers without consent. \line 2. Any person who knowingly captures a passenger\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s real-time location data along the route while using a service provided by an autonomous vehicle without authorization is liable under this section. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 B
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ox\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Privacy Legislation\\\hich\f1 Fla. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  316.85.pdf \line \line Louisiana: \line \hich\f1 According to Ohio Rev. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 4511.01: \line 1. The provider of the autonomous vehicle services may be liable if a passenger's real-tim\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 location is tracked without authorization along the route while using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\\hich\f1 Ohio Rev. Code Ann. 
\'a7\loch\f1  4511.01.pdf \line \line Maine: \line I'm sorry, \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ut I cannot provide an answer without any specific context or information to base it on. Please provide me with relevant information from which I can derive an answer to your question. References. \line \line Alabama: \line 
I am sorry, but I couldn't find any specific i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
formation related to the liability for tracking a passenger's real-time location without authorization in the provided context. If you provide me with more detailed information or context, I would be happy to assist you further. \line \line References: 
\line \line North Dako\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a: \line \hich\f1 According to California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1 38487: \line 
A manufacturer or other entity that fits the definition of a deployer who launches an autonomous vehicle into the stream of commerce under this division shall be liable for occupational loss, personal harm,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 or injury to any passenger even if the passenger's real-time location is tracked without authorization while using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Vehi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 le Code\\California Vehicle Code.pdf \line \line Alaska: \line 
I'm sorry, but I don't have the specific information necessary to answer your question at the moment. Let me know if you have any other questions or need assistance with different information. \line \line Ohio: \line Accord\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ng to Florida Statutes Title XXXII. Regulation of Professions and Occupations, Chapter 484. Transportation Network Companies: \line \line 
1. The transportation network company providing the service may be liable if a passenger's real-time location is tracked withou\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 authorization along the route while using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Florida Statutes Title XXXII.pdf \line \line 
Pennsylvania: \line I am sorry, but I couldn't loc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
te any relevant information in the provided contexts to accurately answer the question about liability related to tracking a passenger's real-time location without authorization in an autonomous vehicle. If you provide more information or additional conte
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 x\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t, I would be happy to assist you further. \line \line References: \line \line New Mexico: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.195: \line 
1. The manufacturer and the motor vehicle that is capable of autonomous operation are deemed to be the exclusive operators of the auton\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
mous vehicle if a passenger's real-time location is tracked without authorization along the route while using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law
\\California\\Civil Code\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Cal. Civ. Code _ 1798.195.pdf \line \line Kentucky: \line According to California Bill AB 87: \line 1. The manufacturer of the autonomous vehicle. \line 2. The provider of the Data Access Service. 
\line 3. The sender of the Data Access Request. \line 4. The Data Access Custodian. \line \line Referen\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 es: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law
\\California\\AB 87.pdf \line \line Hawaii: \line \hich\f1 According to the Transportation Legislation Code \'a7\loch\f1  240.9.1: \line 1. The autonomous vehicle manufacturer may be liable if a passenger's real-time locat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 on is tracked without authorization along the route while using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\TraCR\\Transportation Cybersecurity Legislations
\\Transportation Legislation Code.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line Acc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 rding to Maine Rev. Stat. tit. 29-A, \'a7\loch\f1  455: \line 
1. A person may not use a vehicle equipped with active or passive tracking devices capable of affecting vehicle operation to track the real-time location of an individual without the individual's consent. \line 2. A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 person who violates this section commits a civil violation for which a forfeiture of not more than $500 may be adjudged. \line 
3. A person is liable in a civil action for any unauthorized installation or use of a tracking device in violation of this section. \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Transportation Law\\Maine Rev. Stat. tit. 29-A.pdf \line \line South Dakota: \line According to California Senate Bill No. 1592, the manufacturer or the operator might be liable if\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a passenger's real-time location is tracked without authorization along the route while using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Senate Bill No. 1592.pdf \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Illinois: \line \hich\f1 According to Calif. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1 1798.99.26: \line 
a. Manufacturers of autonomous vehicles that collect, use, or disclose a driver\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s real-time geographic location without the driver\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s consent shall be liable for the misuse of the driver\hich\f1 \rquote 
\loch\f1 s real-time ge\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 graphic location. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Privacy\\\hich\f1 
Calif. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1 1798.99.26.pdf \line \line According to California Vehicle Code Division 24, Chapter 1, Article 3.6: \line a. The manufacturer o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 designer of the autonomous technology may be liable if a passenger's real-time location is tracked without authorization along the route while using services from an autonomous vehicle}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid11602322 .}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid11602322 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e50000000000000000000000003077
c88905deda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}