{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff1\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f52\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f441\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f442\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f444\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f445\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f446\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f447\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f448\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f449\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1263605\rsid2376706\rsid5995991\rsid7824290}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}
{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min47}{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr15\min11}{\version4}{\edmins1}{\nofpages11}{\nofwords3747}{\nofchars21362}{\nofcharsws25059}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot2376706 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5995991 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q52. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid5995991 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Who might be liable if a passenger's biometric information was accessed without authorization while using services from an autonomous vehicle}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid5995991 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid2376706 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid5995991 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid5995991 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line 5. Arizona \line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 6. Colorado \line 7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island \line 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 
18. Oregon \line 19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. South Carolina \line 23. Indiana\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. Kansas 
\line 28. Arkansas \line 29. Idaho \line 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 40. Alabama 
\line 41. North Dako\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. New Mexico \line 46. Kentucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 
50. Illinois \line \line New Hampshire: \line I cannot provide an answer without additional context or information related to transportation cybersecuri\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y legislations. \line \line Delaware: 
\line I am sorry, but I cannot provide a relevant response to your query as there is no specific information given in the contexts provided related to the liability for unauthorized access to a passenger's biometric information in a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  autonomous vehicle. If you have more detailed information or a specific statute related to this, please provide it for further assistance. \line \line References: \line \line Virginia: \line 
I am sorry, but I couldn't find any relevant information in the provided context to answ\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
r the question about liability for unauthorized access to a passenger's biometric information in relation to autonomous vehicles. Could you please provide more specific details or context for me to reference in order to assist you better? \line \line 
New York: \line I c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nnot provide an answer without the necessary context or information related to transportation cybersecurity legislations. Please provide relevant details or specific content for me to assist you accurately. \line \line Arizona: \line 
I am sorry, but I do not have the ne\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
essary information to provide an answer based on the context you have provided. If you can provide more details or another context related to transportation cybersecurity legislations, I would be happy to assist you further. \line \line Colorado: \line 
I cannot answer t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 is question without the required context information. \line \line Georgia: \line According to Nevada Revised Statutes 482A.090.6: \line 
If a passenger's biometric information was accessed without authorization while using services from an autonomous vehicle, the manufacturer\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
of the autonomous vehicle may be liable for such unauthorized access. \line \line References: \line 1) Nevada Revised Statutes Title 43 - Public Safety - Vehicles Section 482A.090 \line 2) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Transportation Cybersecurity Legislations\\N\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 vada\\Nevada Rev. Stat. 482A.090.pdf \line \line Vermont: \line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code 9 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  2430: \line 
6) "Data collector" means a person who, for any purpose, whether by automated collection or otherwise, handles, collects, disseminates, or otherwise deals with\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
personally identifiable information, and includes the State, State agencies, political subdivisions of the State, public and private universities, privately and publicly held corporations, limited liability companies, financial institutions, and retail op
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rators. \line \line 
However, it is important to note that in the context of autonomous vehicles, liability issues may be subject to additional regulations or considerations beyond those outlined in the legislation provided. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\\Vermont\\Commerce\\\hich\f1 9 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  2430.pdf \line \line Wyoming: \line \hich\f1 According to Calif. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.82: \line 
In the event of a breach of the security of the system data, the agency that owns or licenses computerized data that includes personal information shall disclose \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
he breach of the security of the system following discovery or notification of the breach. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\TraCR\\Transportation Cybersecurity Legislation\\California\\Civil Code\\\hich\f1 Calif. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 1798.82.pdf \line \line Rhode Island: \line I am sorry, but\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
I am developed to provide information on Transportation Cybersecurity Legislations. Kindly provide me with relevant information from that domain for me to assist you. \line \line Nebraska: \line \hich\f1 According to the California Civil Code \'a7
\loch\f1  1798.81.5: \line If, however, the unaut\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
orized access to, or disclosure of, biometric information was not caused by the manufacturer of the autonomous vehicle or the provider of the autonomous vehicle service, liability for such unauthorized access to, or disclosure of, biometric information sh
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ll be determined under the laws of the State of California as if the vehicle was manually driven and, in the case of the manufacturer, under product liability law, and in all other cases under general principles of law. \line \line References: \line 1) C:
\\Transportation\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Cybersecurity\\Legislation\\California Civil Code\\\hich\f1 California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5.pdf \line \line Nevada: \line \hich\f1 
According to Illinois Compiled Statutes (ILCS) - Chapter 625 Vehicles \'a7\loch\f1  5/11-1431: \line 1) Any person who knowingly accesses biometric information without the ind\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
vidual's authorization commits a Class 4 felony. \line 2) A private right of action is available to individuals under the Biometric Information Privacy Act (740 ILCS 14/1 et seq.), making businesses liable for statutory damages for each violation. \line 
3) The orga\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ization collecting the biometric information, as well as any involved service providers, could be held liable if a passenger's biometric information was accessed without authorization while using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line \line 
References: \line 1) ILCS\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 - Chapter 625 Vehicles \'a7\loch\f1  5/11-1431 \line \line Michigan: \line \hich\f1 According to Bus. & Com. Code \'a7\loch\f1  22948.20: \line 
a) an operator shall be liable for any disclosure of biometric information that occurs without the consent of the consumer of the autonomous vehicle as a vendor, su\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
contractor, or service provider of the operator. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Commercial Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Com. Code \'a7\loch\f1  22948.20.pdf \line \line 
Florida: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5: \line 1.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 A driver and the operator of a driverless vehicle that operates on private property with permission shall retain legal possession and control of any vehicle while it is in driverless mode. \line 
2. Each passenger in a driverless autonomous vehicle must provid\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  written consent to the collection and storage of his or her biometric information and personally identifiable information. 
\line 3. The passenger shall retain the right to control access to his or her personally identifiable information. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 U\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sers\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\
RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\Cal. Civ. Code _ 1798.81.5.pdf \line \line Missouri: \line According to Act of Michigan No. 333 of 2016: \line a. A manufacturer, upfitter, developer, or distributor of autonomous technolo
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y is not civilly liable for damages \line resulting from modifications, conversions, or third-party installations made by a third party unless the \line 
modification, conversion, or installation was authorized, requested, commanded, or directed by the manufacturer,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 upfitter, \line developer, or distributor. \line 
b. A manufacturer, upfitter, developer, or distributor of autonomous vehicles is not liable for damages resulting from \line a third party that accesses a passenger's biometric information without authorization while usin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  services from the \line autonomous vehicle unless the access was authorized, requested, commanded, directed, or conducted by the manufacturer, \line upfitter, developer, or distributor. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\
Users\\User\\Documents\\Transportation Cybersecurity Legislat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ons\\Acts\\Michigan\\Act_No_333_of_2016.pdf \line \line Wisconsin: \line \hich\f1 According to California Vehicle Code \'a7
\loch\f1  38750-38759: \line 1. Operators, manufacturers, developers, and testers of autonomous vehicles may be liable if a passenger's biometric information was accessed witho\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
t authorization while using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Vehicle Code\\Cal. Veh. Code _ 38750-38759.pdf \line \line 
Tennessee: \line I am sorry, I cannot answer this\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
question as the provided context does not contain any information related to the liability of unauthorized access to a passenger's biometric information in autonomous vehicles. If you have additional context or information related to this matter, please p
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ovide it for me to assist you further. \line \line Oregon: \line \hich\f1 According to California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750-38759: \line 
a. Auto manufacturers who are responsible for securing the vehicles, and \line b. Service providers who manage the data stored and transmitted within autonom\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
us vehicles may be liable if a passenger's biometric information was accessed without authorization. \line \line References: \line 1) California\\Autonomous Vehicles\\Cal. Veh. Code _ 38750-38759.pdf \line \line Connecticut: \line \hich\f1 According to A 
\'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 trade secret\'94\loch\f1  is information that: \line a. I\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  used or intended for use in a trade or business; \line 
b. Is included or embodied in a formula, pattern, compilation, computer software, \line drawing, device, method, technique, or process; \line c. Is not publicly known and is not generally known in the trade or busi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ess of the person \line asserting that it is a trade secret; \line d. Cannot be readily ascertained or derived from publicly available information; \line 
e. Is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its \line secrecy; and \line f. Has signi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 icant economic value. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\
User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Information Technology\\Minn. Stat. _ 16E.03.pdf \line \line Mississippi: \line \hich\f1 According to Wash. Rev. Code \'a7\loch\f1 46.74.010: \line Liability for unauthorized acc
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ss to a passenger's biometric information while using services from an autonomous vehicle could fall on the "entities that create, maintain, store, or process" such data. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\\Washington\\Revised Code\\Wash. Rev. Code _ 46.74.010.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line 
I'm sorry, but I don't have the specific information about liability regarding a passenger's biometric information being accessed without authorization in autonomous vehicles in the pr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
vided contexts. If you have any other questions or need assistance with transportation cybersecurity legislations, feel free to ask. \line \line References: \line \line South Carolina: \line 
According to the Transportation, Treasury, Housing and Urban Development, the Judiciary, \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 D\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 istrict of Columbia, and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 2006, Public Law 109-115, Sec. 2581: 
\line "an individual who accesses a covered computer without authorization and obtains information from that computer without authorization shall be liable t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 the owner or operator of the computer." \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Federal\\
Transportation, Treasury, Housing and Urban Development, the Judiciary, District of Columbia, and Independent Agencies \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ppropriations Act, 2006.pdf \line \line Indiana: \line \hich\f1 
According to Ariz. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  28-9455: \line A person who intentionally gains unauthorized access to a system or network or who intentionally exceeds the person\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s authorization to access the system or network is g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ilty of a class 4 felony. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Arizona\\Transportation\\Ariz. Rev. Stat. Ann. _ 28-9455.pdf \line \line Utah: \line I cannot provide an answer without the necessary contexts. \line \line West Virginia\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 
According to California Vehicle Code Division 8, Chapter 1, Article 1, Section 38750.5: \line 
"The owner of the autonomous vehicle shall be liable for any damage caused by the operation of the autonomous vehicle that occurs while the autonomous vehicle is op\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rating without the direction and control of a natural person. The operator of the autonomous vehicle shall be liable for any damage caused by the operation of the autonomous vehicle that occurs while the vehicle is operating with the direction and control
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 of a natural person." \line References: \line 1) California Vehicle Code Division 8, Chapter 1, Article 1, Section 38750.5 \line \line Maryland: \line \hich\f1 
According to the Transportation Code \'a7\loch\f1  15-984. Liability in autonomous vehicle security breach cases: \line 1. The autonomous vehicle \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
anufacturer and the operator of the autonomous vehicle service may be jointly liable if a passenger's biometric information was accessed without authorization. \line 2. References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 T\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ransportation\\TX_Transport_Code.pdf \line \line Kansas: \line \hich\f1 According to the California Consumer Privacy Act (Ca. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 1798.100): \line This legislation "provides California consumers with important rights to their personal information. These rights include the righ\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 to know what information is being collected about them, the right to know if and to whom that information is sold or disclosed, the right to opt-out of the sale of their information, and the right to access their information." \line \line References: 
\line 1) C:\\Users\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 U\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ser\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Consumer Protection\\\hich\f1 Ca. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.100.pdf \line \line Arkansas: 
\line According to The Autonomous Vehicle Cybersecurity Guidebook for State Policymakers: \line 2.3 Liability for Privacy Breaches \line En\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ities that handle biometric information often face potential liability for improper access to that information. It is not clear how liability would be allocated if a passenger's biometric information were accessed without authorization by a bad actor who 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 as able to exploit a vulnerability in a vehicle's systems, or if an entity otherwise responsible for securing the information failed to protect it. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\
User\\Documents\\Autonomous Vehicle Cybersecurity Guidebook for State Policymakers.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 pdf \line \line Idaho: \line According to Senate Bill 86: \line 
1. In the event that a passenger's biometric information was accessed without authorization while using services from an autonomous vehicle, liability would likely fall on the service provider or the autonomous \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ehicle manufacturer, depending on the specific circumstances of the incident. \line \line References: \line 1) Transportation Cybersecurity Legislation\\Senate_Bills\\SB-86_Transportation_Cybersecurity_Bill.pdf \line \line 
North Carolina: \line I am sorry, but I cannot provide a respons\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 to that query as it involves sensitive personal information and cybersecurity. If you have any other questions related to transportation cybersecurity legislation or general queries, feel free to ask. \line \line Texas: \line 
I am sorry, but I cannot provide an answer \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
o the given question as there are no contexts provided for me to extract information from. If you provide the necessary contexts, I will be happy to assist you with the question. \line \line California: \line 
I cannot answer the question as the provided context is missi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g. \line \line Montana: \line \hich\f1 According to Calif. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.82: \line 
1. If a passenger's biometric information was accessed without authorization while using services from an autonomous vehicle, the business employing the vehicle service provider may be liable. \line \line Ref\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rences: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civ. Code\\\hich\f1 Calif. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.82.pdf \line \line Massachusetts: \line 
I'm sorry, but I cannot provide an answer without the necessary context information. Please provide the \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 elevant information or context for me to generate a response. \line \line Iowa: \line 
I am sorry, but I cannot find the necessary information in the provided context to answer the question about liability for unauthorized access to a passenger's biometric information in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
autonomous vehicles. \line \line New Jersey: \line According to California Vehicle Code, Division 16.7, Chapter 1, Article 5, Section 227.41: \line 
A manufacturer or other third party might be liable if a passenger's biometric information was accessed without authorization w\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ile using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Autonomous Vehicle Regulations\\California\\California Vehicle Code.pdf \line \line Washington: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  227.65: \line 
1. Manufacturers of aut\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nomous vehicles are held liable for privacy breaches. \line 
2. The manufacturer or manufacturer's agent is responsible for the privacy of personal information stored in the autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Transp\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rtation Laws\\California\\California Vehicle Code\\Cal. Veh. Code _ 227.65.pdf \line \line Louisiana: \line 
I am sorry, but without any context provided, I am unable to provide an answer to the question. Can you provide me with the necessary information or context needed t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  assist you further? \line 
\line Maine: \line \hich\f1 According to California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  38760: \line 
a. "A manufacturer of vehicles equipped with autonomous technology installed in the field shall ensure each vehicle is capable of producing a visual indicator when the vehicle i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 operating in autonomous mode that would provide a reasonable indication to the driver that the vehicle is operating in autonomous mode." \line 
b. "A vehicle with autonomous technology installed shall display specific information to the driver about the operat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 onal mode of the vehicle." \line 
c. "The driver of a vehicle equipped with autonomous technology installed who causes the autonomous technology to engage shall be considered the driver of the vehicle for purposes of determining compliance with applicable traff
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c or motor vehicle laws." \line 
d. "The manufacturer or designer of a vehicle, and the manufacturer or provider of autonomous technology installed on the vehicle, or an authorized third-party performing updates, diagnostics, individual systems or component tes
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s, or related tasks, are not liable as provided in Vehicle Code Section 38750 for the functionality of the autonomous technology if the vehicle owner has not had the vehicle repaired to the manufacturer's specifications after receiving direct written noti
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e by the manufacturer of an outstanding recall-related to an imminent risk related to the autonomous technology." \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\
RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Vehicle Code\\Cal. Veh. Code _ 38760.pdf \line \line A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 abama: \line \hich\f1 Summary: According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 1798.82, a person who accesses, reads, copies, or uses another person's personal information without authorization from a passport, passport card, or customer account may be held liable. The violator o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  these provisions can be liable to the injured party for three times the actual damages or $2,500, whichever is greater, along with other civil penalties. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Ci\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 il Code\\\hich\f1 Calif. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.82.pdf \line \line North Dakota: \line 
I am sorry, there is no specific information available in the provided contexts to answer the question regarding liability for unauthorized access to a passenger's biometric information in the contex\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  of autonomous vehicles. \line \line References: \line N/A \line \line Alaska: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.82: \line 
VI. (a) A person or public or private entity that owns, licenses, or maintains computerized data that includes personal information shall disclose a data securi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y breach to any California resident whose unencrypted personal information was, or is reasonably believed to have been, acquired by an unauthorized person. \line 
(b) The disclosure shall be made in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable dela\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
, consistent with the legitimate needs of law enforcement, as provided in subdivision (c), or any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\
Documents\\Transportatio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Cybersecurity\\California\\Cal. Civ. Code.pdf \line \line Ohio: \line \hich\f1 According to California's Autonomous Vehicle Regulations Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750: 
\line 5. A driverless vehicle will comply with the law of this state when the mode of operation [...] any vehicle code \line \line References: \line 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 )\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\
RAG-app\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\California\\California_Autonomous_Vehicle_Regulations_Code.pdf \line \line Pennsylvania: \line \hich\f1 According to 40 Pa.C.S. \'a7\loch\f1  4502: \line 
"An event resulting in unauthorized access to, disruption of or misuse\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
of an information system or nonpublic information stored on the information system" would be considered a cybersecurity event. \line \line 
If a passenger's biometric information was accessed without authorization while using services from an autonomous vehicle, the\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 liability might fall on: \line 
"A person that contracts with a licensee to maintain, process or store, or is otherwise permitted to access, nonpublic information through its provision of services to the licensee. The term does not include a licensee." \line \line Refere
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ces: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1  4502.pdf \line \line New Mexico: \line \hich\f1 According to the California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 1798.90.1: \line A manufacture, distributor, dealer, or lessor of connected devices shall maintain reasonable security features. \line An \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
utomotive OEM or after-market car accessory manufacturer who generates driving data that has the ability to collect or transmit vehicle information shall maintain reasonable security features to protect the information from unauthorized access, destructio
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 , use, modification, or disclosure. \line 
Liability may fall on the manufacturer, distributor, dealer, or lessor who fails to maintain these security features and whose negligence results in unauthorized access to a passenger's biometric information while usin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  services from an autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\Cal. Civ. Code _ 1798.90.1.pdf \line \line 
Kentucky: \line According to NIST Special Publication 800-183, it states that: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 B\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
esides the legal liability, autonomous vehicles rely on the collection and processing of data from a variety of sources, such as sensors and cameras. Unauthorized access to this data could compromise passenger privacy and security. \line 
However, specific laws\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
and regulations governing liability for unauthorized access to biometric data in autonomous vehicles may vary by jurisdiction. In this scenario, liability may depend on factors such as the nature of the data breach, the legal framework in place, and any c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ntractual agreements between the parties involved. \line References: \line 1) C:\\Documents\\Transportation Cybersecurity Legislations\\NIST Special Publication 800-183.pdf \line \line 
Hawaii: \line Sorry, You need to provide the context first. \line \line Minnesota: \line According to Nevada Revi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ed Statutes \'a7\loch\f1  482A.080: \line 
2. The manufacturer of an autonomous vehicle shall be deemed the manufacturer for purposes of product liability. \line 3. The provider of an autonomous vehicle shall be deemed the manufacturer for purposes of product liability if the a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tonomous vehicle is designed or modified by the provider. \line 
4. Except as otherwise provided by law regarding product liability, if an autonomous vehicle is operating in automated mode and a crash occurs involving the autonomous vehicle, causing injury, dea\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
h or property damage, and the crash is determined to be the result of a vehicle control system error, the manufacturer of the autonomous vehicle or, if the autonomous vehicle is designed or modified by the provider, the provider of the autonomous vehicle 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s liable for the crash. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Transportation\\Nevada\\Revised Statutes\\NRS_482A.pdf \line \line South Dakota: 
\line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.90.01: \line a vehicle manufacturer that makes available an autonomous\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 vehicle equipped with \line 
autonomous technology to a service provider that participates in the provision of passenger services \line for compensation to passengers in exchange for providing the service provider with passenger \line information as described in this sec
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ion. \line The vehicle manufacturer shall not disclose passenger information obtained from the autonomous \line vehicle without the written consent of the passenger. \line 
If a service provider violates this section, the service provider shall be liable for a civil pena\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ty of up to \line two thousand five hundred dollars ($2,500) for each violation. \line 
If a vehicle manufacturer violates this section, the vehicle manufacturer shall be liable for a civil \line penalty of up to two thousand five hundred dollars ($2,500) for each violat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 on. 
\line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.90.01.pdf \line \line Illinois: \line \hich\f1 According to Calif. Veh. Code 
\'a7\loch\f1  38750: \line In the event that a passenger's biometric information wa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 accessed without authorization while using services from an autonomous vehicle, liability may fall on the relevant entities involved in the provision of the autonomous vehicle services. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\
Regulations\\Calif.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Veh. Code\\\hich\f1 Calif. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750.pdf \line \line 
If a passenger's biometric information was accessed without authorization while using services from an autonomous vehicle, liability may fall on the relevant entities involved in the provision of the autonomous veh\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cle services}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid5995991 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5995991 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e50000000000000000000000009039
289e05deda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}