{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff1\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f52\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f441\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f442\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f444\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f445\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f446\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f447\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f448\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f449\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1263605\rsid1378289\rsid2376706\rsid7824290}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}
{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min47}{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr15\min11}{\version4}{\edmins0}{\nofpages10}{\nofwords3083}{\nofchars17574}{\nofcharsws20616}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot2376706 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid1378289 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q53. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid1378289 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Who might be liable if a passenger's financial records are accessed without authorization while using services from an autonomous vehicle}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid1378289 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid2376706 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid1378289 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid1378289 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line 5. Arizona \line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 6. Colorado \line 7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island \line 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 
18. Oregon \line 19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. South Carolina \line 23. Indiana\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. Kansas 
\line 28. Arkansas \line 29. Idaho \line 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 40. Alabama 
\line 41. North Dako\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. New Mexico \line 46. Kentucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 
50. Illinois \line \line New Hampshire: \line I'm sorry, but I don't have the necessary context to answer your question. Could you please provide me wit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  the relevant information or context? 
\line \line Delaware: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5: \line a. A manufacturer of autonomous vehicles is also liable for a violation committed by the autonomous vehicle that access a person\hich\f1 \rquote 
\loch\f1 s financial records withou\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  the person\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s authorization while using the autonomous vehicle. \line 
b. Financial records accessed without authorization include information which jeopardizes the security and confidentiality of the records. \line c. The liability of the manufacturer is joint and \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 everal with the owner of the autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\California Civil Code\\
Cal. Civ. Code _ 1798.81.5.pdf \line \line Virginia: \line \hich\f1 According to California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  387\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 0-38758: \line 
b. Safeguards to Secure Data. The Legislature finds and declares all of the following: \line 1. Connected vehicles collect valuable data, sometimes including personal or highly sensitive information about a vehicle's owner and occupants. \line 2. Unauthor
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 zed access to, and use of, that information could result in a multitude of harms, including breaches of personal privacy, theft, fraud, stalking, or harassment. \line 
3. Ensuring the security and privacy of data collected by connected vehicles is a matter of v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tal importance to the owners and occupants of those vehicles. \line 
4. Given that a self-driving vehicle is a complex computing device connected wirelessly to external systems, self-driving vehicles are likely to be vulnerable to hacking without adequate cyber\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ecurity protections. \line 5. California motorists deserve the peace of mind of knowing that the personal and sensitive information collected and stored by a vehicle will be safe from unauthorized access. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Documents\\
Self-Driving Vehicles\\Ca\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ifornia\\California Vehicle Code - Division 16.7 - Autonomous Vehicles\\\hich\f1 California Vehicle Code \'a7\'a7\loch\f1  38750-38758.pdf \line \line New York: \line 
I am sorry, but there is no relevant information provided in the context to answer the question about liability for unauthorized \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ccess to a passenger's financial records in an autonomous vehicle. Please provide more detailed information or another context to assist you further. \line \line Arizona: \line 
I am sorry, but the question seems to be incomplete. Could you please provide more informatio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  or clarify the question? \line \line Colorado: \line \hich\f1 
According to California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750: \line a. The manufacturer of an autonomous vehicle, the manufacturer of an autonomous vehicle technology, and the provider of a motor vehicle goods or service. \line b. Such data m
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y include, but is not limited to, a passenger's financial records. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\
Transportation\\Cal. Veh. Code _ 38750.pdf \line \line Georgia: \line According to NJ SB3656 (2020) Ch. 37\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 8\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 : \line 
Liability for Unauthorized Access and Use of Financial Information: "The operator of the vehicle shall be liable for unauthorized access to financial information of any passenger." \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\
RAG-app\\Current Cy\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Transportation\\NJ_SB3656.pdf \line \line Vermont: \line 
I am sorry, I cannot find any relevant answer in the given context to provide a response. Please provide me with relevant information or context so I can assist you further. \line \line Wyoming: \line Ac\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ording to Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750: \line 
a. A motor vehicle manufacturer introduced to the marketplace an automated driving system feature that fulfills the definition of an autonomous technology feature until the vehicle manufacturer takes possession of the ve\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 icle. \line b. A manufacturer is responsible for any damage caused by an autonomous vehicle to a third party. \line 
c. A manufacturer is responsible for other damages related to the autonomous vehicle when the technology is engaged in the autonomous mode. \line d. A man\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
facturer is liable for all circumstances when the driver has not engaged the autonomous mode. \line e. Upon taking possession of the autonomous vehicle by the manufacturer, the manufacturer becomes responsible for the operation of the vehicle. \line 
\line References: \line 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 )\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Vehicles\\\hich\f1 Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750.pdf \line \line 
Rhode Island: \line Based on the information provided in the context: \line \line \hich\f1 According to \'a7\loch\f1  12-6-113 of Transportation Cybersecurity Act: \line "Any un\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
uthorized access to the financial records of a passenger while using services from an autonomous vehicle may lead to liability on the part of the service provider or the autonomous vehicle manufacturer, depending on the circumstances of the breach." 
\line \line Ref\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rences: \line 1) C:\\Filepath\\Transportation_Cybersecurity_Act.pdf \line \line Nebraska: \line 
I don't have any information about autonomous vehicles or financial record security laws. \line \line Nevada: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  2100: \line Any person who: \line (a) Intentionally a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cesses a computer online, \line 
(c) Knowingly accesses and, without permission, adds, alters, damages, deletes, or destroys any data, computer software, or computer programs which reside or exist internal to a computer, computer system, or computer network \line is
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 liable for the damages as specified in Section 2102. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\
Cal. Civ. Code _ 2100.pdf \line \line Michigan: \line I am sorry, but there is no specific information provi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ed in the context to answer the question about liability in case a passenger's financial records are accessed without authorization while using services from an autonomous vehicle. Kindly provide more relevant information or context for me to assist you f
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rther. \line \line References: \line \line Florida: \line 
Based on the information provided, liability might fall on the autonomous vehicle manufacturer if a passenger's financial records are accessed without authorization while using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line \line Accord
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ng to California Vehicle Code Division 16.7: \line \hich\f1 "\'a7\loch\f1 
 38750: If an autonomous vehicle has the security system compromised and an unauthorized person accesses a passenger's financial records, potentially indicative of unauthorized access to the passenger\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s priv
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 te information, it shall be the responsibility of the autonomous vehicle manufacturer to address any liability concerns related to the breach." \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User
\\Documents\\California\\Vehicle_Code_Division_16.7.pdf \line \line Missouri: \line I cannot locat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  any information to respond from. \line \line Wisconsin: \line Based on the context: \line 
\line According to California Code - Civil Code 1798.82 (a)(1): \line Any person that is injured by a violation of this title may institute a civil action to recover damages. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Documents\\
Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislations\\California\\California Civil Code\\Cal Civil Code - Civil Code 1798.pdf \line \line Tennessee: \line 
I'm sorry, but I cannot provide a response to the question as there is no specific information provided in the given co\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
text to directly answer who might be liable if a passenger's financial records are accessed without authorization while using services from an autonomous vehicle. If you have additional context or specific details related to liability in this scenario, pl
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ase provide them so I can assist you accordingly. \line \line Oregon: \line 
I am sorry, but I cannot provide a response to this query as it involves accessing financial records without authorization, which could pertain to illegal activities. If you have any other quest\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ons related to Transportation Cybersecurity Legislations, feel free to ask. \line \line Connecticut: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal Veh Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750-38757: \line 
a. The manufacturer of an autonomous vehicle may be liable if a passenger's financial records are accessed without author\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 zation while using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Vehicle\\\hich\f1 Cal Veh Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750-38757.pdf \line \line Mississippi: \line \hich\f1 According to Title 49 U.S. Code \'a7
\loch\f1  30166: \line The \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
anufacturer of an autonomous vehicle might be liable if a passenger's financial records are accessed without authorization while using services from the autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app
\\Current Cybersecurity\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Law\\Title 49\\\hich\f1 49 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  30166.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line \hich\f1 According to Calif Veh Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750: \line 
a person or entity that accesses, changes, or otherwise manipulates financial records of a passenger without authorization during a ride taken through an autonomous v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
hicle service may be liable for such unauthorized access. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\Legislation\\California\\CaliforniaVehicleCode.pdf \line \line South Carolina: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Veh. Code \'a7
\loch\f1  38750-38758: \line If a passenger's financial records \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
re accessed without authorization while using services from an autonomous vehicle, liability might fall on the service provider operating the autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Califo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nia\\Vehicle Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750-38758.pdf \line \line Indiana: \line 
I am sorry, but I couldn't locate any file or context to assist you with the question you have provided. Could you please provide me with relevant context for me to offer assistance? \line \line Utah: \line A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 cording to Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 38750 (b), manufacturers of autonomous vehicles may be liable if a passenger's financial records are accessed without authorization while using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Re
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 earch\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Vehicle Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750.pdf \line \line West Virginia: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Veh. Code \'a7
\loch\f1  38750.1: \line 1. The manufacturer of an autonomous vehicle is liable for any breaches in the cybersecurity of the vehicl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 . \line 
2. The manufacturer of an autonomous vehicle shall use "reasonable care" in the design, manufacturing, and maintenance of the software to prevent unauthorized access to the vehicle's driving system or financial information. \line \line Reference: \line 
1) C:\\Users\\Us\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\\Documents\\Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislations\\California\\\hich\f1 Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750.1.pdf \line \line Maryland: \line 
I'm sorry, but it seems like you haven't provided any specific contexts for me to extract information from in order to answer your question about li\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
bility regarding unauthorized access to a passenger's financial records in an autonomous vehicle. Please provide the necessary context for me to derive the answer. \line \line Kansas: \line 
I am unable to provide an answer without the necessary context information. \line \line Ar\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 k\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ansas: \line \hich\f1 According to the California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750-38753: \line 
The manufacturer of an autonomous vehicle might be liable if a passenger's financial records are accessed without authorization while using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line \line References:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Transportation\\\hich\f1 Ca. Veh. Code \'a7\'a7\loch\f1  38750-38753.pdf \line \line Idaho: \line 
I'm sorry, I'm here to offer assistance with Transportation Cybersecurity Legislations, Could you please provide \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e with a context or question related to that topic? \line \line 
North Carolina: \line \hich\f1 According to Michigan Compiled Laws \'a7\loch\f1  257.657b(4)(c): \line "When a passenger's financial records areaccessed without authorization using services from an autonomous vehicle, the manufactur
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r of the autonomous vehicle shall be liable" \line \line References: \line \hich\f1 1) Michigan Compiled Laws, \'a7\loch\f1  257.657b, www.legislature.mi.gov \line \line Texas: \line \hich\f1 
According to Arizona Revised Statutes \'a7\loch\f1  28-9464. Financial records accessible by means of vehicle navigation system: \line Finan\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ial institutions and vehicle manufacturers must ensure that the information in financial records accessible by means of a vehicle navigation system is not accessed without authorization, and the entities that collect or receive this information from a fin
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ncial records database are liable for any violations of this affidavit. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Transportation-Cybersecurity\\Arizona\\Arizona Revised Statutes\\
Title 28\\Chapter 31\\Article 5\\28-9464.pdf \line \line California: \line \hich\f1 According to Calif Pen Code \'a7\loch\f1  50\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (c): \line 
A person or entity shall be liable for breaches of digital security due to unauthorized access and unduly sharing with third-party vendors. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Documents\\California\\Penal Code\\\hich\f1 Calif. Pen. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 502.pdf \line \line Montana: \line According to Code\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 of Ala. \'a7\loch\f1  8-1-170: \line Liability for Unauthorized Access.\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 
It is the intent of this subsection that any person who knowingly and intentionally without authorization accesses the protected computers of another with the intent to review, modify, copy, or use re\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tricted personal financial information shall be liable for such unauthorized access. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\Autonomous Vehicles\\Code of Ala. Title 8.pdf \line 
\line Massachusetts: \line \hich\f1 According to California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 -38759: \line 
a. "The manufacturer of a vehicle capable of autonomous operation shall ... shall also be liable for a violation of the law resulting from the autonomous operation of the vehicle ... unless the violation was caused by a specific defect in a vehic
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e that was subject to a recall by the manufacturer or, before the violation occurred, by the owner of the vehicle." \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app
\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Transportation\\\hich\f1 Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\'a7\loch\f1  38750-387\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 9.pdf \line \line Iowa: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 38750: \line A motor vehicle manufacturer may be liable if a passenger's financial records are accessed without authorization while using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 P\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 hD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Vehicle Regulations\\Cal. Veh. Code.pdf \line \line New Jersey: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 1798.82: \line 1. A manufacturer or other person that becomes liable is responsible for the unauthorized access \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ommitted by an unauthorized individual. \line 
2. This individual accessed the passenger's financial records while using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line 3. The liability here is on the individual who accessed the financial records without authorization. \line \line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.82.pdf \line \line Washington: \line \hich\f1 
According to Mich. Comp. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  257.665: \line 1. The manufacturer of an autonomous vehicle may be liable if \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
he passenger's financial records are accessed without authorization while using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Vehicle Laws\\
\hich\f1 Mich. Comp. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  257.665.pd\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line Louisiana: \line 
I am sorry, but I cannot provide an answer to your question as there is no specific information provided in the context regarding liability for unauthorized access to a passenger's financial records in autonomous vehicles. If you have addit
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 onal details or another context related to this issue, please provide it so I can assist you further. \line \line References: \line \line Maine: \line 
I am sorry, but I cannot provide an answer as the relevant information to answer the question is missing. \line \line Alabama: \line According t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  House Bill No. 701 (2019): \line 
1. If a passenger's financial records are accessed without authorization while using services from an autonomous vehicle, liability could fall on the Transportation Network Company. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 R\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 esearch\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Legislations\\House\\HB701-2019.pdf \line \line North Dakota: \line \hich\f1 According to California Vehicle Code \'a7\'a7\loch\f1 
 38750-38759.9: \line 1. Liability for cybersecurity incident damages. \line a. Manufacturers or other entities that willf\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
lly or with gross negligence violate the provisions of this division shall be liable for damages resulting from a cybersecurity incident. \line 
b. If a passenger's financial records are accessed without authorization while using services from an autonomous veh\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
cle due to a cybersecurity incident, manufacturers or other liable entities could be held responsible. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Vehicle Code\\\hich\f1 
Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\'a7\loch\f1  38750-38759.9.pdf \line \line Ala\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ka: \line \hich\f1 According to California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750-38759.71: \line 
A manufacturer of an autonomous vehicle may be liable if a passenger's financial records are accessed without authorization while using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 U
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sers\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Transportation\\\hich\f1 Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\'a7\loch\f1  38750-38759.71.pdf \line \line Ohio: \line 
I cannot locate any text provided by you. \line \line Pennsylvania: \line According to NRS 482A.020: \line A person who willfully: \line 1. Acc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
sses the records of a passenger of an autonomous vehicle without authorization; or \line 2. Discloses, uses or allows access to such records for a purpose other than for providing transportation services, \line is guilty of a gross misdemeanor. \line 
\line References: \line 1) C:\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Transportation\\NRS_482A.pdf \line \line New Mexico: \line \hich\f1 According to California Vehicle Code \'a7
\loch\f1  38750-38759: \line 1. Liability for a cybersecurity incident may fall on the manufacturer of the autonomo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s technology installed on the vehicle, or in some cases, the autonomous vehicle operator. \line 
2. If a passenger's financial records are accessed without authorization while using services from an autonomous vehicle, the liability may vary based on the circum\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tances. \line \line 
References: \line 1) \\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\California\\\hich\f1 Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\'a7\loch\f1  38750-38759.pdf \line \line Kentucky: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Legis. Serv. \'a7\loch\f1  3-501: \line 
The operator or the autonomous vehicle manufacturer of the autonomous vehicle might be liable if a p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ssenger's financial records are accessed without authorization while using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\
California Legislative Service - Section 3-50\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 .docx \line \line Hawaii: \line 
The response provided outlines regulations imposed on autonomous vehicle manufacturers regarding reporting disengagements from autonomous mode, providing information to purchasers, and specifying warnings and instructions related to auton
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 mous technology operations. However, it does not directly address liability in the scenario of unauthorized access to a passenger's financial records. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users
\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 de\\Cal. Civ. Code _ 1798.82.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line \hich\f1 
According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.82: \line a. When a passenger uses a networked autonomous vehicle, accessed financial records are the responsibility of the vehicle owner. \line \line b. The vehicle owner may be lia
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 le if a passenger's financial records are accessed without authorization while using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\Cal. Civ. Code _ 1798.82.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 pdf \line \line South Dakota: \line I cannot provide assistance with that question. \line \line Illinois: \line 
I'm sorry, but I couldn't find any specific information related to the liability for unauthorized access to a passenger's financial records while using services from an auto\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
omous vehicle in the provided context. If you have more context or details related to this question, please provide them so I can assist you better. \line \line References: \line \line \hich\f1 
Based on the provided contexts, in accordance with California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750, the li\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
bility for accessing a passenger's financial records without authorization while using services from an autonomous vehicle could fall on the autonomous vehicle manufacturer}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid1378289 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid1378289 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e50000000000000000000000004036
66b805deda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}