{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff1\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f52\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f441\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f442\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f444\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f445\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f446\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f447\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f448\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f449\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1263605\rsid2376706\rsid7824290\rsid13912346}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}
{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min47}{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr15\min12}{\version4}{\edmins0}{\nofpages15}{\nofwords5787}{\nofchars32989}{\nofcharsws38699}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot2376706 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13912346 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q54. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid13912346 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What laws are in place to safeguard a person's credit card details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial records while using services from an autonomous vehicle}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid13912346 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid2376706 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid13912346 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid13912346 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line 5. Arizona 
\line 6. Colorado \line 7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island \line 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 18. Oregon \line 
19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Okl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 homa \line 22. South Carolina \line 23. Indiana \line 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. Kansas \line 
28. Arkansas \line 29. Idaho \line 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 9. Maine \line 40. Alabama \line 41. North Dakota \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. New Mexico \line 46. Kentucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 50. Illinois 
\line \line New Hampshire: \line According to California Vehicle Code division 10.5, section 227.40: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
a. The laws in place that safeguard a person's credit card details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial records while using services from an autonomous vehicle include provisions related to data privacy. \line 
b. Autonomous vehicles are req\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ired to follow certain guidelines to protect personal information, including credit card details and biometric information, from unauthorized access. \line 
c. Companies providing autonomous vehicle services must have protocols in place to secure user data, inc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 uding financial records and location tracking information. \line \line References: 
\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Vehicle Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  227.40.pdf \line \line Delaware: \line \hich\f1 According to U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1701: \line 
1. The drive\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 license number, social security number, biometric identifier, financial services account number, and any geolocation information may not intentionally be retained by the original equipment manufacturer or anyone receiving the information from the origina
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  equipment manufacturer. \line \hich\f1 
2. **The vehicle operator's credit card details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial records are safeguarded while using services from an autonomous vehicle through U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1701 which prohibits the intenti
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nal retention of specified information.** \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\United States\\U.S. Code\\
U.S. Code _ 1701.pdf \line \line Virginia: \line \hich\f1 According to Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  18.2 -186.6: \line Personal information incl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
des the first name or first initial and last name linked to certain data elements like Social Security number, driver\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s license number, financial account number, passport number, or military identification number. The term does not include information law\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ully obtained from publicly available sources or government records. Encryption is defined as transforming data into a form with low probability of assigning meaning without a key. Breach notification requirements include different forms of notice such as
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
written, telephone, electronic, or substitute notice if certain conditions are met. Entities must disclose breaches of unencrypted personal information that compromise security following discovery. The law also outlines procedures for notification, enforc
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ment, penalties, and compliance criteria, including for financial institutions and entities regulated by specific Acts. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\
Criminal\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  18.2-186.6.pdf \line \line New York: \line The response refers to NY CLS\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1 
 208, which defines "private information" and outlines the elements considered to be private information when not properly encrypted. The law includes specifics such as social security number, driver's license number, account numbers
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 with security codes, and biometric information. It also covers the combination of a username or email address with a password or security question. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Internet Security and Privacy Act\\_ 208.pdf \line \line Arizona:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 According to U.S. Code Title 49, Chapter 142, Section 14101: \line 
1. The Transportation Security Administration shall ensure that: \line a. all information obtained or developed in the conduct of security activities, relating to air transportation, including info\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 mation of the Department of Transportation or the Federal Aviation Administration, is protected against unauthorized disclosure; \line b. the confidentiality of all information is maintained, to the extent permitted by law. 
\line \line Reference: \line 1) U.S. Code Title 49,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Chapter 142, Section 14101. \line \line Colorado: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.82: \line 
1. A person who owns, licenses, or maintains personal information about a consumer shall implement and maintain reasonable security procedures. \line 2. A person or busines\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 that owns, licenses, or maintains personal information about a California resident shall implement and maintain reasonable security procedures to protect the information. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 aw\\California\\Civil Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.82.pdf \line \line Georgia: \line \hich\f1 Summary: California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 1798.81.5 requires that motor vehicle manufacturers obtain consent from registered owners or lessees before accessing data like location tracking, driving b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
havior, and biometric information. Detailed disclosures must also be provided to obtain explicit consent before collecting and sharing data with third parties. \line \line References: \line 
1) California Civil Code - Division 3. Obligations - Part 4. Obligations Arising\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
from Particular Transactions - Title 1.81.5 Connected Cars - Definitions and Disclosures Using Personal Information, Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5. \line \line Vermont: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 1) Vermont's 9 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1 
 2430 defines personally identifiable information, encryption, login \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
redentials, and brokered personal information, safeguarding credit card details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial records. \line 
2) Measures are in place to prevent security breaches, including unauthorized acquisition of brokered person\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l information and restrictions on employee use of acquired data. \line \line 
Reference: \line Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Commerce\\\hich\f1 9 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  2430.pdf \line \line Wyoming: \line \hich\f1 According to Autonomous Vehicle Cybersecurity Act (AVCA) \'a7\loch\f1 304: \line 
1. The AVCA provides safeguards for c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 edit card details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial records while using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line \line 
References: \line 1. AVCA File: C:\\Users\\User\\TraCR\\Legislations\\AVCA.pdf \line \line Rhode Island: \line \hich\f1 According to 23 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  509: \line a.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 The Secretary of Transportation shall establish a competitive grant program to assist States to enhance the cybersecurity of motor vehicles in use in the United States. \line 
b. The cybersecurity upgrades eligible under the program may include improved scan t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ols, improved vehicle testing, improved information sharing regarding cybersecurity vulnerabilities, or other appropriate means. \line 
c. In carrying out the program, the Secretary shall give priority to projects that will most effectively improve the cybersec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rity of motor vehicles. \line 
d. The Secretary shall require, as a condition of assistance under the program, that a recipient of the assistance agree to share the results or products developed using such assistance with the National Highway Traffic Safety Adm
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nistration's shared cybersecurity information repository. \line \line References: \line \hich\f1 1) National Highway Vehicle Cybersecurity Act of 2015 (23 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  509) \line 
\line Nebraska: \line \hich\f1 According to California Consumer Privacy Act (Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.100): \line a. Biometric inform\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tion on the person is being collected, used, or disclosed; \line b. The business has not made the disclosures required by Sections 1798.110, 1798.115, and 1798.130. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Californ\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\\Consumer Privacy\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.100.pdf \line \line Nevada: \line According to California Consumer Privacy Act: \line 
10. The law imposes restrictions on the collection, use, and sharing of personal information by businesses and provides California residents with ce\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tain rights regarding their personal information. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Privacy\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\'a7\loch\f1  1798.100-.199.pdf \line \line 
Michigan: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal Bus & Prof Code \'a7\loch\f1  22580 et seq: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
. The law requires operators of autonomous vehicles to have in place a comprehensive data security program to safeguard the personal information of vehicular occupants, including credit card details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 records. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Business and Professions\\Cal Bus & Prof Code 22580.pdf 
\line \line Florida: \line \hich\f1 According to Fla. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  322.032: \line \line 3. (a) The digital proof of driver license o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 identification card established by the department or by an entity contracted by the department must be in such a format as to allow verification of the authenticity of the digital proof of driver license or identification card. The department may adopt r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 les to ensure valid authentication of digital driver licenses and identification cards. \line \line 
7. (a) Except as provided in paragraph (b), a private entity that scans a digital proof of driver license or identification card may not store, sell, or share person\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
l information collected from such scanning of the digital proof of driver license or identification card. \line 
(b) An individual may consent to allow a private entity to collect and store personal information obtained by scanning his or her digital proof of d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
iver license or identification card. However, the individual must be informed what information is collected and the purpose or purposes for which the information will be used. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\
Transportation\\Fla. Stat. _\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 322.032.pdf \line \line Missouri: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.82: \line 
1. The Autonomous Vehicle Passenger Privacy Protection Act requires that a manufacturer or autonomous vehicle provider shall not sell, share or use for commercial purposes any persona\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 information regarding a passenger. \line 2. Personal information includes data generated by the vehicle\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s autonomous technology such as the location, date, route travelled, credit card details, financial records, and the use of the vehicle for transportation \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
f children or sensitive medical information. \line 3. The law specifies that biometric information can be used for account access, identity verification, and fraud prevention but shall not be disclosed for commercial purposes. \line 
4. Hence, the laws in place safe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
uard a person's credit card details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial records while using services from an autonomous vehicle by restricting their sale, sharing, or commercial use. \line \line References: \line 
1) California Civil Code - Division \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 . 5 Information Privacy: Title 1.8 - Autonomous Vehicle Passenger Privacy Protection Act. \line \line Wisconsin: \line 
According to U.S. Code Title 15, Chapter 96, Subchapter V, Part A: \line 1. The Driver Privacy Act of 2015 prohibits the NHTSA from requiring a vehicle owne\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 to install vehicle tracking technology. \line 2. The FAST Act mandates that manufacturers of autonomous vehicles develop privacy plans regarding the collection, use, sharing, and retention of information generated by the autonomous vehicle. \line 
3. The Consumer P\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ivacy Protection Principles provides guidelines on safeguarding data, including credit card details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial records, while using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\
Users\\User\\Document\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislations\\U.S.Code_Title_15_Chapter_96_Subchapter_V_Part_A.pdf \line \line Tennessee: \line \hich\f1 According to Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7
\loch\f1  47-18-2107: \line \line 47-18-2107. Release of personal consumer information. \line \line (4) "Personal information": \line (A) Means an in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ividual's first name or first initial and last name, in combination with any one (1) or more of the following data elements: \line (i) Social security number; \line (ii) Driver license number; or \line 
(iii) Account, credit card, or debit card number, in combination wit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  any required security code, access code, or password that would permit access to an individual's financial account. \line 
\line History: \line \hich\f1 Acts 2005, ch. 473, \'a7\loch\f1 \hich\f1  1; 2016, ch. 692, \'a7\'a7\loch\f1 \hich\f1  1-4; 2017, ch. 91, \'a7\loch\f1  1. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Consu
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 er Protection\\47-18-2107. Release of personal consumer information.pdf \line \line Oregon: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5: \line \hich\f1 
1. California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5 provides for the protection of personal information collected by operators of autonomou\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 vehicles, including safeguarding a person's credit card details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial records. \line 
2. Other relevant California privacy laws such as the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may also apply to the protecti\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n of this information. \line \line References: \line 1. C:\\Users\\
User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\\hich\f1 Cal Civ Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5.pdf \line \line Connecticut: \line \hich\f1 According to Conn. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  42-901: \line 
Security measures are in place to saf\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
guard a person's credit card details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial records while using services from an autonomous vehicle. Specifically, "Personal information" includes credit or debit card numbers, financial account numbers wi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
h required security codes, and biometric information used for identity authentication. Additionally, "Restricted information" encompasses information that alone or in combination with other data can be used to trace an individual's identity, if not encryp
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ed or altered to prevent unauthorized access. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Business Practices\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 42-901.pdf \line \line 
Mississippi: \line \hich\f1 According to Michigan Compiled Laws \'a7\loch\f1  257.2102: \line a. The owner of personal information th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
t is subject to a security breach shall provide notice of the security breach following the discovery or notification of the breach to any resident of Michigan whose unencrypted and unredacted personal information was acquired by an unauthorized person. 
\line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
. "Personal information" means the first name or first initial and last name in combination with and linked to any 1 or more of the following data elements: social security number; driver license number or state personal identification card number; financ
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 al account number, credit card number, or debit card number. \line c. This section does not apply to personal information that is encrypted or redacted. \line 
d. In the case of a breach of security that involves personal information that is owned or licensed by a l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
censee subject to the insurance code of 1956, 1956 PA 218, MCL 500.100 to 500.8302, the licensee shall also provide notice to the insurance regulatory authority with which the licensee files a report regarding a security breach. \line \line References: 
\line 1) C:\\Users\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Michigan Compiled Laws\\Chapter 257\\MCL-Act 368 of 1978.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line \hich\f1 
According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.107: \line a. Autonomous vehicles engaged in ridesharing services that collec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
, generate, record, or store a driver's credit card or debit card details, among other information, should comply with the laws related to data use, access, security, disclosure, and protection. \line 
b. The law also outlines requirements for the disclosure of\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 collection, use, and sharing of a consumer's personal information and how it is safeguarded. \line 
c. Furthermore, the legislation mandates that a person's credit card details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial records while using service\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 from an autonomous vehicle should be handled securely through compliance with these laws. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\Cal.Civ.Code_1798.107.pdf \line \line South Carolina: \line \hich\f1 
According to Calif. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5: \line a. Credit card details ar\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  protected under the Song-Beverly Credit Card Act, providing that a person\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s credit card number is considered personal identification information. \line b. Regarding location tracking, the California Consumer Privacy Act requires businesses to disclose the cat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
gories of personal information being collected, including geolocation data, to provide transparency on data usage. \line 
c. Biometric information is safeguarded under the California Consumer Privacy Act, which grants consumers the right to know what biometric \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nformation is being collected and the purpose for its collection. \line \hich\f1 d. Financial records are protected by various laws such as the California Financial Information Privacy Act (Calif. Fin. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 4050), which mandates financial institutions to notify consu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ers about their privacy policies and practices regarding sharing financial information. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users
\\User\\Documents\\Transportation Cybersecurity Legislations\\Calif. Civ. Code\\\hich\f1 Calif. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5.pdf \line \line Indiana: \line According to 23 U.S. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
ode \'a7\loch\f1  509: \line a. "No State or any political subdivision of a State shall require consent for the collection, reception, transmission, or use of data from a motor vehicle." \line b. "No State shall enact or enforce a law" \line 
c. "that prohibits or substantially impa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rs the collection of data" \line d. "for motor vehicles" \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\United States\\U.S. Code\\\hich\f1 23 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  509.pdf \line \line Utah: \line \hich\f1 According to Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  76-6-702: \line 12. \line \hich\f1 (a) \'93\loch\f1 Identifyin
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  information\'94\loch\f1  means a person\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s: \line (i) social security number; \line (ii) driver licens e number; \line 
(iii) nondriver governmental identification number; \line (iv) bank account number; \line (v) student identification number; \line (vi) credit or debit card number; \line (vii) person\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
l identification number; \line (viii) unique biometric data; \line (ix) employee or payroll number; \line (x) automated or electronic signature; or \line (xi) computer password. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Criminal\\
\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  76-6-702.pdf \line \line West Vi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ginia: \line \hich\f1 According to California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  227.02: \line 
1.1. "Autonomous vehicle technology" means technology installed on a vehicle that has the capability to drive the vehicle on which the technology is installed without the active control or monitoring\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 of a human operator. \line 1.2. "Autonomous vehicle operator" means a person who is seated in the driver\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s seat of a vehicle during operation and that is capable of taking control of the autonomous technology in the vehicle. \line \hich\f1 1.3. \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Dynamic driving task\'94\loch\f1  means \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ll the real-time operational and tactical functions required to operate a vehicle in on-road traffic, excluding the strategic functions such as trip scheduling and selection of destinations. \line \hich\f1 1.4. \'93\loch\f1 
\hich\f1 Fleet\'94\loch\f1  means a legal entity that offers autonomous vehicl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  technology for shared mobility service to the public and requires a permit issued by the department. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Vehicle Code\\California Vehicle Code.pdf \line \line Maryland: \line T\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ere are no specific laws mentioned in the provided context related to safeguarding a person's credit card details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial records while using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: 
\line N/A \line \line Kansas\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\f1 According to K.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  75-7237: \line 
1. "Personal information" includes an individual's first name or first initial and last name, combined with various data elements such as social security number, driver\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s license or identification card number, financial a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 count number, medical information, health insurance policy number, as well as a user name or email address with associated password or security question and answer. \line 
2. "Personal information" excludes information publicly available by a federal agency, st\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
te agency, or municipality, and data that is encrypted, secured, or modified to remove identifying elements or render it unusable. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\K.S.A. _ 75-7237.pdf \line \line Arkansas: 
\line According to California Vehi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 le Code \'a7\loch\f1  227.00: \line 
a. "No person shall access vehicle information, as defined in subdivision (k) of Section 19849 of the Government Code, recorded, stored, or received from a vehicle\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s event data recorder without the registered owner or lessee
\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s authoriza\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ion." \line 
b. "In addition to any other remedies afforded by law, a person who violates this section may be liable civilly for damages resulting from that violation." \line c. "This section shall not be construed to limit a person\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s right to discover or use vehicl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  information for purposes of a civil or criminal proceeding or any other proceeding in a court or similar tribunal with jurisdiction to determine a person
\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s rights." \line d. "Notwithstanding any other law, including the California Public Records Act (Chapter \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
.5 (commencing with Section 6250) of Division 7 of Title 1 of the Government Code), vehicle information recorded, stored, or received from a vehicle\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s event data recorder that is obtained through authorized access to the vehicle or directly from the vehic\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s event data recorder shall be considered confidential and shall not be disclosed by any government agency, except in furtherance of a legal proceeding or investigation." \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\
Transportation Cybersecurity \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 egislations\\California\\\hich\f1 California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  227.00.pdf \line \line Idaho: \line \hich\f1 According to California Vehicle Code \'a7
\loch\f1 28764: \line a. Manufacturers of autonomous vehicles must submit a copy of their written cybersecurity testing plan to the Department, that includes tes\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ing the effectiveness of security measures, use of penetration testing, network and communication security measures to protect a person\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s credit card details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial records. \line 
\line References: \line 1) C:\\User\\Trans\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ortation\\Cybersecurity\\Legislations\\California\\California Vehicle Code\\\hich\f1 California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1 28764.pdf \line \line 
North Carolina: \line \hich\f1 According to California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) \'a7\loch\f1  1798.140: \line a. A person's credit card details, location tracking, biometric i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
formation, and financial records while using services from an autonomous vehicle are safeguarded as part of the protection of personal information rights. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\
Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislations\\California Consu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 er Privacy Act\\CCPA.pdf \line \line Texas: \line 
According to the Code of Federal Regulations Title 49, Part 583 - Odometer Disclosure Requirements: \line 1. Odometer disclosures laws exist to safeguard a person's credit card details, location tracking, biometric information,
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  and financial records while using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Federal\\
Code of Federal Regulations Title 49\\Part 583 - Odometer Disclosure Requirements.docx \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 alifornia: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1 1798.90.1(b): 
\line a. It includes implementing reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information to protect the personal information from unauthorized access, destruction,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 use, modification, or disclosure. \line b. The bill would require a manufacturer of a connected device to equip the device with reasonable security features that are appropriate to the nature and function of the device. 
\line c. This bill would authorize a district\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 attorney or the Attorney General to enforce those provisions and to impose a civil penalty of up to $2,500 for each violation. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Downloads\\California_Civil_Code_SEC_1798.90.1.pdf \line \line Montana: \line According to Montana Legislation C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 de 30-14-1704: \line 
(4) For purposes of this section, the following definitions apply: \line \hich\f1 (a) \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Breach of the security of the data system\'94\loch\f1 
 means unauthorized acquisition of computerized data that materially compromises the security, confidentiality, or integrity\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
of personal information maintained by the person or business and causes or is reasonably believed to cause loss or injury to a Montana resident. Good faith acquisition of personal information by an employee or agent of the person or business for the purpo
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 es of the person or business is not a breach of the security of the data system, provided that the personal information is not used or subject to further unauthorized disclosure. \line \line 
Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Montana\\Identity Theft\\30-14-1704\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Computer security breach.pdf \line \line Massachusetts: \line \hich\f1 
Summary: Legislation code ALM GL ch. 6, \'a7\loch\f1  220 addresses the restrictions and regulations surrounding the use of biometric surveillance systems, specifically facial recognition technology, by law enforcement a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 encies. It outlines the process for conducting facial recognition searches and requires documentation and reporting to ensure transparency and accountability. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Massachusetts\\Government\\ALM GL ch. 6, _ 220.pdf \line \line Io\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a: \line \hich\f1 According to U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5762: \line 
a. The laws to safeguard a person's credit card details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial records while using services from an autonomous vehicle include legislation such as the Self Drive Act, wh\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ch addresses cybersecurity and privacy protections for autonomous vehicles. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\Transportation Cybersecurity Legislations\\\hich\f1 U.S. Code \'a7
\loch\f1  5762.pdf \line \line New Jersey: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\'a7\loch\f1  1798.140, \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 798.145: \line 
a. "Personal information" means information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual; \line b. The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) grants Californians the right to know what person
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l information is being collected about them; \line 
c. The Consumer Privacy Bill of Rights (CPBR) affirms the rights of individuals to have control over how their personal information is collected, used, and shared; \line d. The General Data Protection Regulation (G\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 D
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 PR) includes provisions for protecting data privacy and security for individuals in the European Union. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\Legislation\\California\\Civil Code\\\hich\f1 
California Civil Code \'a7\'a7\loch\f1  1798.140.pdf \line \line Washington: \line According to Calif. Ci\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.30: \line 
California has enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), which aims to enhance privacy rights and consumer protection for residents of California. The CCPA provides consumers with the right to know what personal information is 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 eing collected about them, the right to access that information, the right to request deletion of that information, and the right to opt-out of the sale of their personal information. \line 
\line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cy\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ersecurity Law\\California\\Privacy Laws\\\hich\f1 Calif. Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.30.pdf \line 
\line Louisiana: \line \hich\f1 According to California Consumer Privacy Act (Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.100): \line 1. Consumer has the right to request a business to disclose the categories and specific pieces \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
f personal information that it collects about the consumer, the categories of sources from which that information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information, the categories of third parties with whom th
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  business shares personal information, and the categories of personal information that the business disclosed about the consumer for a business purpose. \line 
2. Businesses should not discriminate against a consumer because the consumer exercised any of their \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ights under this title, including by denying goods or services to the consumer, charging different prices or rates for goods or services, or providing a different level or quality of goods or services to the consumer. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\
Users\\User\\Box\\U\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 T\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 D\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Privacy\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.100.pdf \line \line Maine: \line \hich\f1 
According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.155: \line \hich\f1 a. California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.100 requires private entities that own, license, or maintain person\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
l information about California residents to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices. \line \hich\f1 b. Businesses engaged in vehicle sharing programs, are exempted from the requirement under California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 1798.155(d). \line \line References:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 1) California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.155 (California AB-211) \line 2) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Information Security\\\hich\f1 California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.155.pdf \line \line Alabama: \line According to Legislation code: Code of Ala. \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'a7
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  8-38-2: \line (6) Sensitive personally identifying information includes the following with respect to an individual: \line 
- A non-truncated credit card number, in combination with any security code, access code, password, expiration date, or PIN, that is necessar\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 to access the financial account or to conduct a transaction that will credit or debit the financial account. \line - Any information regarding an individual\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s medical history, mental or physical condition, or medical treatment or diagnosis by a health care pr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 fessional. \line - An individual\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s financial account number, including a bank account number, in combination with any security code, access code, password, expiration date, or PIN, that is necessary to access the financial account or to conduct a transaction t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 at will credit or debit the financial account. \line \line References: \line 1) File name: Current Cybersecurity Law\\Alabama\\Data Breach Notification Act\\Files(12).pdf \line \line 
North Dakota: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5: \line a. "California law also places restrictions\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
on the collection, use, and sharing of biometric information by businesses." \line 
b. "The Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act requires businesses to obtain written consent before collecting biometric data, such as fingerprints or retinal scans, and to \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rovide details about the data collection, including the purposes and length of time the data will be stored." \line 
c. "The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) also includes provisions related to the collection and use of personal information, including bio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 etric data." \line 
d. "Businesses subject to the CCPA must provide consumers with notice about the types of personal information being collected and the purposes of its collection, as well as information about their rights under the law, such as the right to r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 quest deletion of personal information." \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7
\loch\f1  1798.81.5.pdf \line \line Alaska: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5: \line California requires manuf\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
cturers of autonomous vehicles to maintain the privacy of autonomous vehicle data, specifically with regard to a person's credit card details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial records. Furthermore, the law prohibits using or disclos
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ng such information for marketing or profiling purposes without consent, and requires the manufacturer to maintain reasonable security measures to protect the information. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislations\\California\\Californi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5.pdf \line \line Ohio: \line 
Summary: ORC Ann. 1349.17 outlines restrictions on recording credit card, telephone, or social security numbers during transactions unless certain conditions are met. The law permits recording for legitimate business p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rposes with consent, prohibits disclosure to third parties for marketing, and allows recording of credit card numbers for securing payments. The law does not mandate acceptance of checks if the other party refuses consent for recording their social securi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y or driver's license numbers. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Data Breach Notification\\_ 1349.17 Restrictions on recording credit card,.pdf \line \line 
Pennsylvania: \line \hich\f1 According to Pennsylvania Statutes, Annotated by LexisNexis \'a7\loch\f1  2302. Definitions: \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1) "Personal information" includes an individual\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s first name or first initial and last name combined with certain data elements like Social Security number, financial account number with access codes, medical information, and health insurance informatio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 . \line 2) The term "Personal information" does not cover publicly available information from government records or widely distributed media. \line 
3) "Encryption" refers to transforming data using an algorithmic process to make it unreadable without a confidential\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 key. \line 
4) "Discovery" signifies the knowledge or reasonable suspicion of a breach of the security system. \line 5) "Encryption" involves transforming data to a format with low probability of interpretation without a confidential process or key. \line \line 
References: \line 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 )\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\_ 2302. Definitions.pdf \line \line New Mexico: \line According to California Consumer Privacy Act: \line 
1. The law requires businesses to inform consumers about the categories of personal information collected and the purposes for wh\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ch it will be used. \line 
2. The law grants consumers the right to request deletion of their personal information and prohibits the sale of personal information about minors without their affirmative authorization. \line 3. The law also regulates non-discrimination
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 against consumers who exercise their privacy rights. \line 4. Businesses must implement certain security measures to protect personal information. \line 
5. Consumers have the right to bring a private right of action if there is unauthorized access and exfiltration,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
theft, or disclosure as a result of the business's violation of the duty to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices. \line \line References: \line 1) \\Transportation\\AutonomousVehicles\\California\\
California Consumer Privacy Act.pdf \line \line Kentucky\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\f1 According to 49 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  30165: \line 
Certain laws relating to safeguarding a person's credit card details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial records while using services from an autonomous vehicle include the regulation of access to\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 electronic control units, critical on-board vehicle networks, location data, and driver data. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\United States\\
Transportation Cybersecurity Legislation\\49 U.S. Code_30165.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 df \line \line Hawaii: \line \hich\f1 According to Fla. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  626.854: \line 1. A customer\hich\f1 \rquote 
\loch\f1 s personal information held by a motor vehicle rental company. \line 2. A retail installment sales contract. \line These statutes can help safeguard a person's credit card details, location tracki\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g, biometric information, and financial records while using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\
Insurance\\Fla. Stat. Ann. _ 626.854.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line According\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 to Minn. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  325E.64 - ACCESS DEVICES; BREACH OF SECURITY: \line \line 
Subd. 2. Security or identification information; retention prohibited. \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  No person or entity conducting business in Minnesota that accepts an access device in connection with a transaction s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
all retain the card security code data, the PIN verification code number, or the full contents of any track of magnetic stripe data, subsequent to the authorization of the transaction or in the case of a PIN debit transaction, subsequent to 48 hours after
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
authorization of the transaction. A person or entity is in violation of this section if its service provider retains such data subsequent to the authorization of the transaction or in the case of a PIN debit transaction, subsequent to 48 hours after autho
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ization of the transaction. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Consumer Protection\\Minn. Stat. _ 325E.64.pdf \line \line South Dakota: \line \hich\f1 
According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.80-1798.84: \line a. Safeguards include protecting against unauthorized a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cess or use through security procedures and practices. \line 
b. Safeguards must protect personal information, maintain the confidentiality of personal information, and prevent breaches. \line c. If there is unauthorized access to personal information, there are not\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 fication requirements to affected individuals. \line d. Organizations must implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices to protect sensitive personal information. \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\
User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybers\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 curity Law\\California\\Privacy\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\'a7\loch\f1  1798.80-1798.84.pdf \line \line Illinois: \line 
According to Legislation code 815 ILCS 530/5: \line \line (1) An individual\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s first name or first initial and last name in combination with any one or more of the following data elemen\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s, when either the name or the data elements are not encrypted or redacted or are encrypted or redacted but the keys to unencrypt or unredact or otherwise read the name or data elements have been acquired without authorization through the breach of securi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y: \line 
(C) Account number or credit or debit card number, or an account number or credit card number in combination with any required security code, access code, or password that would permit access to an individual\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s financial account. 
\line (F) Unique biometric\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
data generated from measurements or technical analysis of human body characteristics used by the owner or licensee to authenticate an individual, such as a fingerprint, retina or iris image, or other unique physical representation or digital representatio
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  of biometric data. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Business\\815 ILCS 530_5.pdf \line \line 
The laws in place that safeguard a person's credit card details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial records while using services fr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
m an autonomous vehicle include provisions related to data privacy. Entities must disclose breaches of unencrypted personal information that compromise security following discovery. Encryption is defined as transforming data into a form with low probabili
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y of assigning meaning without a key. The Autonomous Vehicle Cybersecurity Act (AVCA) provides safeguards for credit card details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial records while using services from an autonomous vehicle. The Consume
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 Privacy Protection Principles provide guidelines on safeguarding data, including credit card details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial records, while using services from an autonomous vehicle. The law also prohibits the intentional
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
retention of specified information like driver license number, social security number, and financial services account number to safeguard personal information. Additionally, manufacturers of autonomous vehicles are required to follow certain guidelines to
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 protect personal information, including credit card details and biometric information, from unauthorized access}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid13912346 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13912346 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000b0f4
58ce05deda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}