{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff1\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f52\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f441\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f442\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f444\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f445\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f446\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f447\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f448\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f449\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1263605\rsid2376706\rsid7761420\rsid7824290}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}
{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min47}{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr15\min13}{\version4}{\edmins1}{\nofpages16}{\nofwords6323}{\nofchars36042}{\nofcharsws42281}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot2376706 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7761420 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q55. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid7761420 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
What laws are in place in the United States of America to safeguard a person's credit card details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial records while using services from an autonomous vehicle}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid7761420 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid2376706 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid7761420 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid7761420 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line 5. Arizona 
\line 6. Colorado \line 7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island \line 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 18. Oregon \line 
19. Connec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 icut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. South Carolina \line 23. Indiana \line 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. Kansas \line 
28. Arkansas \line 29. Idaho \line 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 7. Washington 
\line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 40. Alabama \line 41. North Dakota \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. New Mexico \line 46. Kentucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 50. Illinois 
\line \line New Hampshire: \line According to California Civil Code Se\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 . 1798.91.06: \line 
A person who owns, licenses, or maintains personal information about a consumer shall implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information to protect the personal information from 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\California\\Transportation Laws\\
Cal. Civ. Code Sec. 1798.91.06.pdf \line \line Delaware: \line According to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) - Ci\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 il Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.100: \line 
(b) Personal information includes, but is not limited to, all of the following: \line ... \line (8) Geolocation data. \line (13) Unique personal identifiers. \line (14) Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute. 
\line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 R\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 eferences: \line 1) Autonomous_Vehicles_Legislation_CA.docx \line \line Virginia: \line Summary: \line 
Several laws are in place in the United States of America to safeguard personal information, requiring entities to disclose breaches involving unencrypted personal data, notify \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
uthorities and affected residents promptly, and comply with notification requirements set by state or federal regulators. Violations may result in civil penalties or regulatory actions, depending on the entity's type and the nature of the breach. \line 
\line Refere\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ce: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Criminal\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  18.2-186.6.pdf \line \line New York: \line Summary: \line 
In the United States, protections for personal information such as credit card details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial recor\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
s used in autonomous vehicles are outlined in NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1 
 208. Key points include defining "private information," specifying breach notification requirements for state entities, allowing for delayed notification in case of criminal inves\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
igations, mandate for training to prevent security breaches, and requiring covered entities to notify the state attorney general of breaches involving personal information. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\
Internet Security and Privacy\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Act\\_ 208.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Internet Security and Privacy Act\\_ 205. Access to personal information.pdf \line \line Arizona: 
\line According to Title 16, Subtitle II, Chapter 76, Subchapter I of the United States Code: \line \line \hich\f1 1. 15 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  7262 -\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Safeguarding of sensitive personally identifiable information: \line 
a. Credit card details and financial records protections are addressed through requirements for entities to develop, implement, and maintain safeguards to protect against risks to sensitive p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rsonally identifiable information. \line b. Safeguards must include administrative, technical, and physical safeguards designed to ensure the security and confidentiality of sensitive data. \line 
c. The requirements cover not just credit card details but also inclu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e biometric information and location tracking data to safeguard a person's privacy and security while using autonomous vehicle services. \line \line References: \line 1) Title 16, Subtitle II, Chapter 76, Subchapter I of the United States Code \line 
\line Colorado: \line According to \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 5 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  6801: \line 
a. A financial institution may not, directly or through any affiliate, disclose to a nonaffiliated third party any nonpublic personal information, unless such financial institution satisfies certain conditions. \line b. Information that is
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 publicly available is not considered nonpublic personal information under this section. \line c. Personally identifiable financial information needs to be protected by financial institutions. 
\line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ybersecurity Law\\United States\\\hich\f1 15 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  6801.pdf \line \line Georgia: 
\line According to NIST Special Publication 800-53 Rev. 5: \line Category: Privacy and Confidentiality - Confidentiality - Information Disclosure \line Control Family: Access Control (AC) \line Control Number:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 AC-19 \line Control Title: Access Control for Mobile Devices \line 
Description: "An Autonomous vehicle [] shall enforce access control policies via security labels (as opposed to exclusively by user names or roles) where labels are associated with information in st\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rage, in process, and in transmission. [] \line \line According to NIST Special Publication 800-53 Rev. 5: \line Category: Privacy and Confidentiality - Confidentiality - Information Disclosure \line 
Control Family: Media Protection (MP) \line Control Number: MP-2 \line Control Title:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Media Access \line 
Description: "An Autonomous vehicle [] shall enforce access restrictions associated with changes to access authorizations." \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\NIST\\
NIST SP 800-53 Rev. 5.pdf\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Vermont: \line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code 9 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  2430: \line \line 1) Laws in Place: \line 
Paragraph (4)(A) defines a "Data broker" as a business that collects and sells or licenses brokered personal information of a consumer with whom the business does not have a d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rect relationship. This includes measures to protect personal data such as credit card details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial records. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Commerce\\\hich\f1 
9 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  2430.pdf \line 2) Current C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 bersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Financial\\\hich\f1 8 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4728.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Public Records\\
\hich\f1 1 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  317.pdf \line \line Wyoming: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  54.1: \line a. Location tracking information obtained from an autonomous vehicle cann\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t be sold, shared, or disclosed without consent. \line \hich\f1 b. Violations of these provisions are subject to penalties specified in Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  54.3. \line 
c. Companies providing autonomous vehicle services are required to follow this law to safeguard a person's credit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 card details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial records. 
\line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\Cal. Civil Code_54.pdf \line \line Rhode Island: \line According to S.2848 - Ameri\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 an Vision for Safer Transportation through Advancement of Revolutionary Technologies (AV START) Act: \line 
1. The AV START Act addresses cybersecurity by mandating that manufacturers of automated driving systems develop a cybersecurity plan that describes how \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
he manufacturer will address cybersecurity during the engineering, testing, and deployment stages of the system. \line 
2. The Act requires manufacturers to develop a privacy plan that includes a written privacy impact assessment that details how personally ide\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tifiable information that is collected, stored, or transmitted by the vehicle will be handled. \line 
3. Furthermore, the Act mandates that manufacturers must develop a plan for responding to a cyber attack and for limiting access to driving controls in the eve\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t of malicious hacking attempts. 
\line \line References: \line 1) S.2848 - American Vision for Safer Transportation through Advancement of Revolutionary Technologies (AV START) Act, https://www.congress.gov/115/bills/s2848/BILLS-115s2848enr.pdf \line \line Nebraska: \line Summary: \line 
U.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
. laws under Title 49, Subtitle VI, Part A, Section 70101 protect individuals using autonomous vehicles by prohibiting the sale or disclosure of credit card information, restricting the use of location tracking data for commercial purposes, requiring cons
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nt for collection and use of biometric information, and mandating notice and consent for financial records storage. \line \line References: \line 
1) U.S. Code Title 49, Subtitle VI, Part A, Section 70101 \line \line Nevada: \line \hich\f1 According to Title 15 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  45, the United States\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
has the following laws in place to safeguard a person's credit card details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial records while using services from an autonomous vehicle: \line \line 
1. The Federal Trade Commission Act, 15 U.S. Code Subchapter I,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'a7\loch\f1 
 45, prohibits unfair or deceptive acts or practices in or affecting commerce, making it illegal to misrepresent security or privacy practices surrounding personal information collected by autonomous vehicles (AVs). \line \line 
2. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, 15 U.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 . Code Subchapter I, \'a7\loch\f1 
 6801, requires financial institutions to provide notice and receive consent from consumers about the sharing of their financial information, including data collected by AVs, with third parties. \line \line 3. The Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 U.S. Code Subchapter III, \'a7\loch\f1 
 1681c, restricts the sharing of consumer credit reports and information derived from these reports, potentially covering credit card details gathered by AVs. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ybersecurity Law\\United States\\Title 15 U.S. Code\\15USCode.pdf \line \line Michigan: \line Based on the provided context: \line \line 
According to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA): \line A person's credit card details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ecords while using services from an autonomous vehicle are safeguarded by the regulations under CCPA, which provides specific protections for consumer information. \line \line References: \line 1) Privacy Law - California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018.pdf 
\line \line Florida: \line Acc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 rding to Fla. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  322.032: \line \line (7) \line 
(a) Except as provided in paragraph (b), a private entity that scans a digital proof of driver license or identification card may not store, sell, or share personal information collected from such scanning of the digi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 al proof of driver license or identification card. \line 
(b) An individual may consent to allow a private entity to collect and store personal information obtained by scanning his or her digital proof of driver license or identification card. However, the indi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 idual must be informed what information is collected and the purpose(s) for which the information will be used. If the individual does not want the private entity to scan his or her digital proof of the individual\hich\f1 
\rquote \loch\f1 s driver license or identification card, \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 he private entity may manually collect personal information from the individual. \line 
(c) A private entity that violates this subsection is subject to a civil penalty not to exceed $5,000 per occurrence. \line (d) This subsection does not apply to a financial inst\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tution as defined in s. 655.005(1)(i). \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Transportation\\Fla. Stat. _322.032.pdf \line \line Missouri: \line \hich\f1 
According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.80: \line a. Every commercial we\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
site or online service that collects personally identifiable information through the internet about individual consumers residing in California who use or visit its commercial website or online service shall conspicuously post its privacy policy on its we
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 site; \line 
b. The privacy policy shall identify the categories of personally identifiable information that the operator collects about individual consumers who use or visit its commercial website or online service and the categories of third-party persons or 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ntities with whom the operator may share that information; \line c. The operator shall provide a mechanism for consumers to opt-out of the sale of their personally identifiable information; 
\line d. If the operator maintains a process for an individual consumer who\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
uses or visits its commercial website or online service to review and request changes to any of his or her personally identifiable information that is collected through the website or online service, the privacy policy shall include a description of that 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rocess. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.80.pdf 
\line \line Wisconsin: \line \hich\f1 According to the California Consumer Privacy Act, CCPA (Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.140), a person's c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
edit card details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial records while using services from an autonomous vehicle are protected under the regulations for data security and privacy in California. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\
Documents\\Transportatio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Cybersecurity Legislations\\California\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.140.pdf \line \line Tennessee: \line Summary: \line \hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7
\loch\f1  47-18-2107 outlines regulations regarding the release of personal consumer information to safeguard individuals' details like social security nu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ber, driver license number, and financial account information. If a breach of system security occurs, the information holder must notify affected residents within 45 days. Law enforcement can delay notification if it may impede a criminal investigation. 
\line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Consumer Protection\\47-18-2107. Release of personal consumer information.pdf \line \line Oregon: \line 
According to California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018: \line a. "A person shall be provided notice of the categories of p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rsonal information that will be collected and the purposes for which the categories of personal information shall be used." \line 
b. "A business shall not collect additional categories of personal information or use personal information collected for additiona\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  purposes without providing the notice." \line 
c. "A business that audaciously deceives a consumer who has opted out of the sale of the consumer\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s personal information shall be liable for any damages sustained by the consumer as a result of the deceptive pract
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ce." \line d. "Any commercial driver\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s license, private detective license, private patrol operator license, alarm company operator license, remote piloted aircraft license, or proprietary security service registration issued by the Controller." \line \line References: \line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Consumer Privacy\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\'a7\loch\f1  1798.100-1798.199.pdf \line \line 
Connecticut: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.90.01: \line a. Credit Card details are protected under the Son\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
-Beverly Credit Card Act of 1971 (Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1747.02). \line \hich\f1 b. Location tracking related to autonomous vehicle services are safeguarded by the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Penal Code \'a7\'a7\loch\f1 
 1546 et seq.). \line c. Biometric information is safegu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 rded by the California Consumer Privacy Act (California Consumer Privacy Act, Civ. Code, \'a7\'a7\loch\f1  1798.100, et seq.). 
\line \hich\f1 d. Financial records are protected under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (Pub.L. 106-102, 15 U.S.C. \'a7\'a7\loch\f1  6801-6809). \line \line References: \line 1) California/Cal\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
fornia Civil Code 2019 Updated\\California Civil Code _ 1798.90.01.pdf \line \line Mississippi: \line According to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA): \line 
1. Consumer credit card details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial records of a person us\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ng services from an autonomous vehicle are safeguarded by the CCPA. \line 
2. The CCPA provides various rights to consumers regarding the personal information collected by businesses, including the right to know what information is being collected and the right\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
to request deletion of personal information collected by businesses. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\Legislations\\California\\CA_Consumer_Privacy_Act.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line \hich\f1 According to 23 U.S. Code 
\'a7\loch\f1  403: \line A person may not obtain the following\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 information from the system of record described in \'a7\loch\f1 
 405.20 unless the system applies privacy protection and security provisions as required by the Privacy Act and when the system is used to authorize electronic banking, credit card purchases, track a veh\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cle or driver, and obtain biometric information, medical records, financial records, or location tracking information. \line \line References: \line 
1) Federal Register / Vol. 81, No. 68 / Tuesday, April 5, 2016 / Rules and Regulations / Page 19610 \line \line South Carolina: \line Ac\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ording to Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 1798.82: \line a. "Any agency" will be liable for loss by an individual whose unauthorized access to data regardless of whether a breach of legal duty has occurred. \line b. "Any agency" responsible for personal information needs to have 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 easonable security procedures. \line c. "Any agency" must not retain this data any longer than for the transaction's purpose. \line 
d. The statutes also assure the protection of personally identifiable information (PII) like credit card details, location tracking, \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
iometric information, and financial records used in autonomous vehicle services. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\Cybersecurity Regulations\\California\\Civil Code\\Cal. Civ. Code _ 1798.82.pdf \line \line 
Indiana: \line According to California Consumer\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Privacy Act (CCPA) - Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.145: \line 
A person shall be able to exercise the rights established in this section with respect to personal information that an autonomous vehicle that the person used collected about the person; \line - Credit card details:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Use of the person's credit card details will be safeguarded by implementing necessary measures under the CCPA. \line 
- Location tracking: Location tracking information collected by the autonomous vehicle about the person will be protected under the CCPA. \line - Bi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
metric Information: Biometric information collected by the autonomous vehicle about the person will be safeguarded as per CCPA regulations. \line 
- Financial Records: The person's financial records gathered during the use of services from an autonomous vehicle\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 will be protected in accordance with CCPA guidelines. \line \line References: 
\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\California\\CCPA\\\hich\f1 Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.145.pdf \line \line Utah: \line \hich\f1 According to 15 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  6801: \line 
Financial institutions are required to safeguard a person's credit card d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tails, location tracking, biometric information, and financial records while using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislations_USA.pdf \line \line 
West Virginia: \line According to California C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 nsumer Privacy Act (CCPA) - Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.185: \line 1. Personal Information: \line 
a. Refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particula\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 consumer or household. \line 2. Right to Delete, Financial Information, and Non-Discrimination: \line 
a. Consumers have the right to request that a business delete any personal information about the consumer that the business has collected from the consumer. \line 3. B\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ometric Information: 
\line a. Means an individual's physiological, biological, or behavioral characteristics that can be used, singly or in combination with each other. \line 4. Financial Records: \line a. Refers to any personal financial information. \line 5. Location Infor
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ation: \line a. Includes a history of the consumer's physical location and movement. \line 6. Use of Information: \line 
a. Prohibits businesses from using such information, except for security and integrity purposes. \line \line References: \line 1) California Consumer Privacy Act - C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 l. Civ. Code \'a7
\loch\f1  1798.185 \line \line Maryland: \line According to 23 NYCRR 500.01: \line \hich\f1 A cybersecurity event is defined as \'93\loch\f1 
any act or attempt, successful or unsuccessful, to gain unauthorized access to, disrupt or misuse an Information System or information stored on such \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 I\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 nformation System.\'94\loch\f1  
\line \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5: \line This law requires businesses to protect California residents\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1  data and notify those individuals in case of a data breach. \line \line Reference: 
\line 1) C:\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\Regulations\\NYCRR\\23\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 NYCRR 500.01.pdf \line 2) C:\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\Legislations\\California\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 1798.81.5.pdf \line \line Kansas: \line \hich\f1 According to K.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  75-7237: \line (i) "Personal information" means: \line (A) An individual's first name or first initial and last name, in com\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ination with at least one of the following data elements for that individual: \line (i) Social security number; \line 
(ii) driver's license or identification card number, passport number, military identification number or other similar number issued on a government\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 document used to verify identity; \line 
(iii) financial account number or credit or debit card number, in combination with any security code, access code or password that is necessary to permit access to an individual's financial account; \line (iv) any information
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 regarding an individual's medical history, mental or physical condition or medical treatment or diagnosis by a healthcare professional; or \line 
(v) an individual's health insurance policy number or subscriber identification number and any unique identifier us\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d by a health insurer to identify the individual; or \line 
(B) a user name or email address, in combination with a password or security question and answer that would permit access to an online account. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Govern\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ent\\K.S.A. _ 75-7237.pdf \line \line Arkansas: \line \hich\f1 According to 49 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  30165: \line 
a. safeguard a person's location tracking, biometric information, and financial records while using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 R
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 esearch\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\United States\\\hich\f1 49 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  30165.pdf \line \line Idaho: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.100: \line 
a. "The term 'personal information' means any information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ing associated with, a particular individual, including, but not limited to, his or her name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s license or state identification \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ard number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information." \line \line 
b. "The term 'personal\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 information' does not include publicly available information that is lawfully made available to the general public from federal, state, or local government records." 
\line \line \hich\f1 According to California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  415: \line "Aftermarket manufacturer crash parts shal\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 bear an identifying mark as specified pursuant to Section 585, and shall be installed pursuant to Section 9884." \line \line References: \line \hich\f1 1) California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.100 \line \hich\f1 2) California Vehicle Code \'a7
\loch\f1  415 \line \line North Carolina: \line \hich\f1 According to 26 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  6103: \line 1.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Unauthorized disclosure of information \line (a) General rule \line 
(1) Return information. \line A government entity or its contractor may use or disclose return information only for the purposes and to the persons or entities expressly authorized by this section. \line (b)\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Offense \line (1) In general \line 
Anyone who is a party to any judicial or administrative proceeding or is engaged in the enforcement of this title and who knowingly, or by reason of negligence, inspects or discloses any return or return information with respect t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 a taxpayer in violation of any provision of sections 6103 shall be dismissed from office or discharged from employment and shall be fined not more than $1,000, or imprisoned not more than 1 year, or both, together with a penalty of not less than $250. 
\line R\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ferences: \line 1) Title 26 of the U.S. Code - Internal Revenue Code (26 U.S. Code) \line 2) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\
Information Technology\\Minn. Stat. _ 16E.03.pdf \line \line Texas: \line \hich\f1 According to 49 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  30302: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Title 49, Subtitle V, Part C of the United States Code relates to transportation, specifically "Transportation Security." This section includes provisions for safeguarding personal credit card details, location tracking information, biometric data, and fi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ancial records while using services from autonomous vehicles. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\United States\\
Transportation\\\hich\f1 49 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  30302 \line \line California: \line I am sorry, but no specific information o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 context was provided, so I am unable to provide an answer at this time. If you could provide the necessary details or context, I would be happy to help answer your question. \line \line Montana: \line Summary: \line 
Legislation code 30-14-1704 in Montana requires that any p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rson or business in Montana disclosing a breach of security of computerized data containing personal information to residents of Montana. The disclosure must be made promptly, with exceptions allowed for law enforcement needs. Notification must also be gi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
en to the owner or licensee of the data if the personal information is believed to have been acquired by an unauthorized person. Law enforcement agencies can request a delay in notification if it may impede a criminal investigation. The breach is defined 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s the unauthorized acquisition of data compromising the security of personal information, causing or likely to cause harm to Montana residents. \line \line Reference: \line 
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Montana\\Identity Theft\\30-14-1704 Computer security breach.pdf \line \line Massac\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 usetts: \line \hich\f1 
According to California Consumer Privacy Act (Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.130): \line \hich\f1 California Consumer Privacy Act (Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 1798.140) safeguards a person's credit card details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial records whil\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: 
\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Consumer Protection\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.130.pdf \line \line Iowa: \line \hich\f1 According to 23 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  313: \line 
a. Safeguards to be \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rovided: Each recipient of federal funds under this chapter for ITS projects that will collect personal information shall establish safeguards to ensure the security and confidentiality of that information and to protect that information from unauthorized
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 use. \line 
b. Protection of personal privacy: Data collected and systems created under the projects funded by this chapter shall be used in a manner that protects personal privacy rights and that ensures no personally identifiable information is linked to loca
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ion information that is collected without consent. \line 
c. Compliance with Federal laws: A recipient of federal funds under this chapter shall comply with all Federal laws relating to the privacy and security of personal information. \line d. Penalties: The recipi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nt of federal funds under this chapter that collects personal information in violation of the requirements of this section shall be subject to\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  \line 
(1) a civil penalty of not more than the greater of $5,000 or the amount of compensation paid under the contra\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t funded under this chapter; and \line 
(2) not more than $5,000 in additional civil penalties for each day such violation continues. \line \line References: \line 1) Title 23 - HIGHWAYS, CHAPTER 3 - GENERAL PROVISIONS, https://uscode.house.gov/view.xhtml?path=/prelim@title23
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 /\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 chapter3&edition=prelim \line \line New Jersey: \line According to Michigan Compiled Laws section 257.242: \line 
a. A manufacturer of automated technology and operators of on-demand automated motor vehicles, a knowledgeable person or entity may not sell, receive, transmit, s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ore, collect, share, track, GPS location data, or vehicle information including personal credit card details, financial records, biometric information, or geolocation information unless done with the explicit consent of that person, or if that information
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 is necessary for the performance of the operator's duties as necessary and incidental to the services provided. \line 
b. A knowledgeable person or entity is any entity required to be licensed to operate a vehicle with on-demand automated technology, and that m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y, hold a license from the State of Michigan. 
\line c. This information collected shall not be commercially exploited or sold to third parties unless the owner of that data has given its express consent. \line d. Knowledgeable persons or entities shall maintain rea\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 onable data security. \line e. This section shall be enforced by the Department of State Police, the Department of Attorney General, and the Department of Licensing and Regulatory Affairs. \line \line References: \line 1) C:
\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cy\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ersecurity Law\\Michigan\\\hich\f1 Mich. Comp. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  257.242.pdf \line \line Washington: \line \hich\f1 
According to California Consumer Privacy Act (Civil Code \'a7\'a7\loch\f1  1798.100 - 1798.199): \line a. Safeguards personal information to protect confidentiality, integrity, and availability. \line b. Protec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s credit card details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial records while using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\TraCR\\
Transportation Cybersecurity Legislations\\California\\California Consumer Priv\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cy Act.pdf \line \line Louisiana: \line Summary: \line \line \hich\f1 California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 1798.82 outlines laws to safeguard personally identifiable information collected by websites or online services from California residents. It requires entities to inform consumers about their rig\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ts to access personal information and implement security measures to protect the data from unauthorized access or disclosure. The law exempts businesses complying with US privacy and security regulations and financial privacy laws. Disclosure by consumer 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 eporting agencies required under federal laws such as the Fair Credit Reporting Act is also exempted. \line \line References: \line \hich\f1 California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 1798.82 (source provided in the response) \line \line Maine: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.90.05: \line a. Personal \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nformation collected, transmitted, or stored by an autonomous vehicle (AV) may be disclosed to third parties only with the explicit consent of the consumer, except as necessary for the operation of the AV. \line 
b. AV manufacturers must implement and maintain \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 easonable security procedures to protect against unauthorized access to personal information collected, transmitted, or stored by the AV. \line 
c. If a breach of security involving personal information collected, transmitted, or stored by an AV occurs, the AV \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
anufacturer must notify the consumer and the Attorney General within a specified time period. \line 
d. AV manufacturers are prohibited from selling, sharing, or using personal information for any purpose other than the operation of the AV without the consumer'\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  consent. \line \line 
References: \line \hich\f1 1) Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.90.05 (West) \line \line Alabama: \line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code: Code of Ala. \'a7\loch\f1  8-38-2: \line 2. Definitions. \line 
For the purposes of this chapter, the following terms have the following meanings: \line (1) Sensitive personally\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 identifying information includes: \line 
- A non-truncated Social Security number or tax identification number. \line - A non-truncated driver\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s license number, state-issued identification card number, passport number, military identification number, or other unique
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 identification number. \line - A financial account number, in combination with any security code, access code, password, expiration date, or PIN. \line 
- Any information regarding an individual\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s medical history, mental or physical condition, or medical treatment o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  diagnosis. \line 
- Health insurance policy number, subscriber identification number, and any unique identifier used by a health insurer. \line - A user name or email address, in combination with a password or security question and answer for an online account cont
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ining sensitive information. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Alabama\\Data Breach Notification Act\\Files(12).pdf \line \line North Dakota: \line \hich\f1 
According to California Civil Code Division 8, Part 3, \'a7\loch\f1  1798.125: \line a. "Autonomous vehicle data", which is defined\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
as information that is collected, generated, recorded, or stored by an autonomous vehicle, such as the operational data, sensor data, and image data. \line b. "Consumer", an individual whose personal information is collected from an autonomous vehicle. 
\line c. "Pe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sonal information", information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with a consumer or household. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\
User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\Cal. Civ. C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 de _ 1798.125.pdf \line \line Alaska: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Civ. Code \'a7
\loch\f1  1798.140: \line a. "Personal information" also includes, but is not limited to, the following categories of information: \line 1. Credit card details \line 2. Location tracking \line 3. Biometric information \line 4. Fina
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cial records \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 1798.140.pdf \line \line Ohio: \line Summary: \line The United States of America has legislation, specifically ORC Ann. 1349.17, that re\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tricts the recording of credit card, telephone, or social security numbers in transactions unless certain conditions are met, such as legitimate business purposes and obtaining consent from the other party. The information recorded must only be used for c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 llection purposes and not disclosed to third parties for unrelated marketing. There are exceptions for situations like securing payment deposits or when the other party refuses consent. \line 
\line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Data Breach Notifica\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ion\\_ 1349.17 Restrictions on recording credit card,.pdf \line \line Pennsylvania: \line 
According to Pennsylvania Senate Bill 712, Act 2005 - 94, Section 2 and Act 2022 - 151, Section 2, the laws in place in the United States of America to safeguard a person's credit c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rd details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial records while using services from an autonomous vehicle include the following definitions: \line \line \hich\f1 \'a7\loch\f1  2302. Definitions \line 
"Personal information" includes an individual's first name or first initi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
l and last name linked to various data elements, such as financial account numbers, credit or debit card numbers, medical information, and health insurance information. Additionally, personal information encompasses a user name or e-mail address in combin
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tion with a password or security question that grants access to an online account. \line \line 
"Records" refer to any material containing information recorded or preserved through various means, excluding publicly available directories where information is voluntar\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ly consented to be disseminated. \line \line These definitions play a crucial role in safeguarding sensitive data while utilizing autonomous vehicle services. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\_2302.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Definitions.pdf \line \line New Mexico: \line \hich\f1 According to California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 1798.100: \line a. Personal information means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be li\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. \line 
b. Personal information includes, but is not limited to, identifiers such as names, postal addresses, unique personal identifiers, online identifiers, internet protocol addresses, emai\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 addresses, account names, social security numbers, driver's license numbers, passport numbers, or other similar identifiers. \line 
c. Personal information also encompasses characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, commercia\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 information, biometric information, internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, professional or employment-related information, and education information. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Curre\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Consumer Privacy\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.100.pdf \line \line Kentucky: \line \hich\f1 
According to 23 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  503: \line a. Title 23 of the United States Code is amended by inserting after chapter 5 the following: \line b. The Privacy Protections in Transp\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rtation Cybersecurity Act of 2022: \line c. Subchapter I: \line 1. Protecting Consumer Data: \line 2. Definitions: \line 3. Treatment of Certain Information: \line d. Subchapter II: \line 1. Transportation Cybersecurity Safeguards: \line 2. Regulations: 
\line 3. Compliance Requirements: \line 4. Enf\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rcement: \line e. Oversight: \line f. Effective date: \line 
g. "The period for which this Act applies is the period beginning on the date of enactment" - The Privacy Protections in Transportation Cybersecurity Act of 2022. \line \line References: \line 1) Federal Laws\\United States Co
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\\Title 23\\\hich\f1 23 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  503.doc \line \line Hawaii: \line \hich\f1 According to 23 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  507: \line 
a. Safeguarding of personal information.--With respect to any personal information collected by an automated driving system, an entity shall implement data security practices t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
at are designed to prevent, detect, respond to, and mitigate the risk of cybersecurity threats related to personal information in the entity's possession or control. The entity shall protect against unauthorized access to personal information during the e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tire life cycle of the information, using security measures that are commensurate with the type and volume of personal information at risk. \line 
b. Privacy protection requirements.--The entity shall publicly disclose privacy protections related to the collect\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
on, use, sharing, and storage of personal information collected by the entity's automated driving systems, including an individual's express consent for data collection. \line 
c. Prohibition on selling personal information.--The entity shall not sell personal \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nformation of individuals collected by the entity's automated driving systems, without the express consent of the individuals. \line \line References: \line 1) Legislation\\United States\\23USCode\\23USCode_Section507.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line 
\hich\f1 According to Minn. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  325E.64: \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Subd. 2. Security or identification information; retention prohibited. \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 
 No person or entity conducting business in Minnesota that accepts an access device in connection with a transaction shall retain the card security code data, the PIN verification cod\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 number, or the full contents of any track of magnetic stripe data, subsequent to the authorization of the transaction or in the case of a PIN debit transaction, subsequent to 48 hours after authorization of the transaction. A person or entity is in viola
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ion of this section if its service provider retains such data subsequent to the authorization of the transaction or in the case of a PIN debit transaction, subsequent to 48 hours after authorization of the transaction. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ty Law\\Minnesota\\Consumer Protection\\Minn. Stat. _ 325E.64.pdf \line \line South Dakota: \line \hich\f1 According to 35 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  112: \line 
a. existing statutes ensure that the ownership of data created and shared during a commute remains with the user, as governed by state consum\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
r protection laws that safeguard against the unauthorized collection, use, or sale of personal information like credit card details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial records while using services from an autonomous vehicle. \line 
\line Referen\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 es: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Transportation\\Autonomous Vehicle Legistlation\\\hich\f1 35 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  112.pdf \line \line Illinois: 
\line According to 815 ILCS 530/5 of the Illinois Compiled Statutes Annotated, the laws in place in the United States of Americ\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 to safeguard a person's credit card details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial records include provisions related to personal information protection. Personal information as defined in the statute includes various data elements such
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 as Social Security number, driver\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s license number, account numbers, medical information, health insurance information, unique biometric data, usernames or email addresses with passwords, and security question and answers for online accounts. Unauthorized\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
acquisition of such data compromises the security, confidentiality, or integrity of personal information maintained by the data collector. Furthermore, the law specifies that personal information does not include publicly available information lawfully ma
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e available to the general public from federal, State, or local government records. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Business\\815 ILCS 530_5.pdf \line 
\line The laws in place in the United States of America to safeguard a person's credit card de\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ails, location tracking, biometric information, and financial records while using services from an autonomous vehicle include the following: \line \line \line \line 
- Title 16, Subtitle II, Chapter 76, Subchapter I of the United States Code mandates the safeguarding of sensi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ive personally identifiable information, including credit card details, financial records, biometric information, and location tracking data used in autonomous vehicle services. \line \line \line 
- The AV START Act (S.2848) requires manufacturers of automated driving sy\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tems to develop cybersecurity and privacy plans for addressing cybersecurity risks during system engineering, testing, and deployment stages. The Act also mandates a response plan for cyberattacks and access limiting measures against malicious hacking att
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 mpts. \line \line \line 
- U.S. laws under Title 49, Subtitle VI, Part A, Section 70101 protect individuals using autonomous vehicles by prohibiting the sale or disclosure of credit card information, limiting the use of location tracking data for commercial purposes, req
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 iring consent for the collection and use of biometric information, and mandating notice and consent for financial records storage. \line \line \line 
- The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, Fair Credit Reporting Act, and the Federal Trade Commission Act provide regulations for fin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ncial institutions and businesses to protect and handle consumer financial information, which includes credit card details, location tracking, biometric data, and financial records gathered during autonomous vehicle services. \line \line \line 
- The laws in California, \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
uch as the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and various sections of the California Civil Code, specifically address the protection of personal information, including credit card details, location tracking, biometric information, and financial record
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  while using autonomous vehicle services. \line \line \line 
- NIST Special Publication 800-53 Rev. 5 outlines controls related to privacy and confidentiality in autonomous vehicles, emphasizing access control for mobile devices and media protection to prevent unauthoriz\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d disclosure of information involving credit card details, location tracking, biometric data, and financial records}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid7761420 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7761420 

\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000503e
fbe205deda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}