{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff1\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f52\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f441\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f442\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f444\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f445\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f446\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f447\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f448\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f449\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid200217\rsid1263605\rsid2376706\rsid7824290}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}
{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min47}{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr15\min13}{\version4}{\edmins0}{\nofpages11}{\nofwords3565}{\nofchars20323}{\nofcharsws23841}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot2376706 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid200217 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q56. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid200217 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What are examples of industry specific standards for data security and privacy}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid200217 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid2376706 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid200217 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid200217 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line 5. Arizona \line 6. Colorado \line 7. Georgia 
\line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 18. Oregon \line 
19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. South Carolina \line 23. Indiana \line 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. Kansas \line 28. Arkans\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s \line 29. Idaho \line 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 40. Alabama \line 
41. North Dakota \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. New Mexico \line 46. Ken\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 50. Illinois 
\line \line New Hampshire: \line I cannot assist with that request. \line \line Delaware: \line \hich\f1 According to \'a7\loch\f1  4.6.4.1 - Industry Standards: \line 1. The transportation industry-specific data security and privacy standards inc
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ude: \line a. ISO/IEC 27001:2013; \line b. ISO/IEC 27002:2013; \line c. ISO/SAE 21434; and \line d. NIST standards. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\
Transportation-Cybersecurity-Legislations\\IndustryStandards\\Chapter4.pdf \line \line Virginia: \line I cannot provide an answer as the necessary context \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nformation is missing. \line \line 
New York: \line \hich\f1 According to NY CLS Educ \'a7\loch\f1  2 -d: \line \line 5. Data security and privacy standards. \line 
a. The commissioner, in consultation with the chief privacy officer, shall promulgate regulations establishing standards for educational agency\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
data security and privacy policies and shall develop one or more model policies for use by educational agencies. The commissioner shall seek the input of experts, including those from security, cyber-security and fields in addition to education that have 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 xperience with personal data protection, in developing such standards and policies. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Education\\\hich\f1 NY CLS Educ \'a7
\loch\f1  2-d.pdf \line \line Arizona: \line I am sorry, but no context was provided for me to answer the question. Plea\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e provide the necessary context for me to generate a relevant response. 
\line \line Colorado: \line I cannot find any information in the provided contexts to generate an answer for the question. If you have more information or another context related to industry-specifi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  standards for data security and privacy, please provide it, and I will be able to assist you further. \line \line Georgia: \line According to Indirect Legislation (NIST Cybersecurity Framework): \line 
1. The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) sets t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e standard for protecting sensitive data for the healthcare industry. \line 
2. The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) provides guidelines for securing payment card data for the financial industry. \line 3. The Family Educational Rights and Priva\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y Act (FERPA) governs the protection of student records in the education sector. \line \line References: \line 1) /Cybersecurity/Indirect Legislation/NIST Cybersecurity Framework.pdf \line \line Vermont: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civ. Code 
\'a7\loch\f1  1798.85: \line 1. Health Insurance Portabili\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y and Accountability Act (HIPAA) \line 2. National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework \line 
3. Financial Services \hich\f1 \endash \loch\f1  GLBA \line 4. National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) - Part 748 \line \line References: \line 1) /transportation/cybersecurity/leg\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
\hich\f1 slation/California/Civ. Code/Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.85.pdf \line \line Wyoming: \line I am sorry, but I cannot provide an answer to your question as there is no relevant information in the provided context. \line \line Rhode Island: 
\line \hich\f1 According to the California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.10\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 0: \line 
a. "Industry-specific standards for data security and privacy, such as the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS), the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) Security Rule, and the Family Educational Rights and Pri
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 acy Act (FERPA), impose obligations on businesses in those industries to protect personal information". \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\Cal. Civ. Code _ 1798.100.pdf \line \line Nebraska: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 According to Tennessee Code \'a7\loch\f1  47-18-2104: \line 
1. The Tennessee Cybersecurity Advisory Council shall recommend specific, industry-specific standards based upon the best practices of all the relevant sectors, including but not limited to the National Institute\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
of Standards and Technology (NIST), the Healthcare Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) and the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 27000 series. \line 
2. The council \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 hall also recommend improvements to state government security policies and practices, and support the implementation and management of the Tennessee Cybersecurity Program. 
\line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 aw\\Tennessee\\Code_Tennessee_47-18-2104.pdf \line \line Nevada: \line 
According to the Cybersecurity Act of 2015: \line 1. Security and data privacy regulations may vary across different industries. \line 2. The financial sector has its security standards, such as the Payment Card\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) for card payment processes. \line 3. The healthcare industry follows the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) for safeguarding protected health information. 
\line 4. The education sector has the Famil\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) to protect student records. \line 
5. Additionally, the Energy Sector Cybersecurity Framework Implementation Guidance outlines practices specific to the energy industry. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Res\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 arch\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\National\\Cybersecurity Act of 2015.pdf \line \line Michigan: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\'a7\loch\f1 1798.90.5 et seq.: \line 
1. "The CAREFL Act and the Financial Information Privacy Act are examples of industry specific standards fo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  data security and privacy in California." \line 
2. "Health insurance information and related information security and privacy standards are provided under industry-specific standards in California." \line 3. "Banking and finance information and related information\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 security and privacy standards are provided under industry-specific standards in California." \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\
Industry Specific Standards\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\'a7\loch\f1 1798.90.5 et seq..\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 df \line \line Florida: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5: 
\line 1. The California Consumer Privacy Act applies to businesses that: \line a. Have annual gross revenues in excess of twenty-five million dollars; \line b. Alone or in combination, annually buy, receive,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sell, or share for commercial purposes the personal information of 50,000 or more consumers, households, or devices; or \line 
c. Derive 50 percent or more of their annual revenues from selling consumers' personal information. \line \line 2. Industry-specific standards f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r data security and privacy may include: \line 
a. The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) for covered entities and business associates in the healthcare industry; \line b. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) for financial institutions;\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c. The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) for educational institutions; and \line d. The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) for organizations that process payment card transactions. 
\line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\Ph\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 D\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California Civil Code\\Cal. Civ. Code _ 1798.81.5.pdf \line \line Missouri: \line 
According to Michigan Law SB 47: \line Industry-specific standards for data security and privacy include, but are not limited to: \line a. The National Ins\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
itute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework; \line b. The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) Security Rule; \line c. The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA); \line 
d. The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 P\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 CI DSS); \line e. The North American Electric Reliability Corporation Critical Infrastructure Protection (NERC CIP) standards. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Transportation Cybersecurity\\Michigan Law\\SB 47.pdf \line \line Wisconsin: \line Accord\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ng to The Security and Privacy Legislation [Chapter Six]: \line 
1. Industry-specific standards for data security and privacy include standards from the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t (HIPAA), and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS). \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\Legislations\\Security_and_Privacy_Legislation.docx \line \line Tennessee: \line 
\hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.100: \line 1. "Any advocate \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
f sharing cybersecurity threat-information may use security procedures designed to guard against unauthorized access to or acquisition of that information either: \line a. By unauthorized entities; or \line b. For unauthorized purposes." \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 U\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ser\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\Cal. Civ. Code _ 1798.100.pdf \line \line Oregon: \line 
According to the State of CA - CALIFORNIA PRIVACY LAW OFFICIAL TEXT, Examples of industry specific standards for data security and pr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 vacy include: \line 1. "GLBA" \line 2. "HIPAA" \line 
3. "FFIEC" \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Privacy\\CA_Privacy_Law.pdf \line \line Connecticut: \line \hich\f1 According to Conn. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  42-901: 
\line \line Industry specific stand\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rds for data security and privacy include: \line \hich\f1 1. The \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Framework for Improving Critical Infrastructure Cybersecurity\'94
\loch\f1  published by the National Institute of Standards and Technology. \line 2. The National Institute of Standards and Technology\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s special publicatio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  800-171. 
\line 3. The National Institute of Standards and Technology\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s special publications 800-53 and 800-53a. \line 4. The Federal Risk and Management Program\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 \hich\f1 s \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
FedRAMP Security Assessment Framework\'94\loch\f1 . \line 5. The Center for Internet Security\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 \hich\f1 s \'93\loch\f1 Center for Internet \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
ecurity Critical Security Controls for Effective Cyber Defense\'94\loch\f1 . \line \hich\f1 6. The \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ISO/IEC 27000-series\'94\loch\f1 
 information security standards published by the International Organization for Standardization and the International Electrotechnical Commission. \line \line References:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Business Practices\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 42-901.pdf \line \line Mississippi: \line I cannot complete this task as it requires information beyond what was provided in the prompt. \line \line Oklahoma: \line 
According to Regulation EU 2016/679: \line 1.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Industry-specific standards for data security and privacy include the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) for the healthcare industry; \line 
2. The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) for the payment card industry; \line 3.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  The Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA) for federal information systems; \line 
4. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) for financial institutions; \line 5. The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) for educational institutions. \line \line Reference\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 : \line 1) C:
\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Federal Legislation\\European Union\\Regulation EU 2016:679.pdf \line \line South Carolina: \line 
I am sorry, there is no specific information provided to answer the question related to examples of\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
industry-specific standards for data security and privacy in the given contexts. If you provide more details or relevant contexts, I would be happy to assist you further. \line \line References: \line N/A \line \line Indiana: \line 
According to the California Consumer Privacy Act (Cal.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.100): \line 
1. The bill would authorize the imposition of civil penalties for violations of the provisions of this title, as specified. \line 2. The bill would authorize a consumer to institute a civil action if the consumer's nonencrypted or nonr
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
dacted personal information, as defined, is subject to an unauthorized access and exfiltration, theft, or disclosure as a result of the business' violation of the duty to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e nature of the information to protect the personal information. \line 
3. The bill would require a business that owns, licenses, or maintains personal information about a California resident to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practice\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 appropriate to the nature of the information, to protect the personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. \line \line References: \line 1) D:\\Research\\
Transportation Cybersecurity Californian Legislation.doc \line \line Utah: \line I c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nnot answer this question without the necessary context or information. \line \line West Virginia: \line 
\hich\f1 According to W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  18-2-5h: \line 3) Industry specific standards for data security and privacy include: \line (A) Guidelines for the student data system and for indivi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ual student data including guidelines for authentication of authorized access; \line (B) Privacy compliance standards; \line (C) Privacy and security audits; \line (D) Breach planning, notification, and procedures; \line 
(E) Data retention and disposition policies; and \line (F) \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 D\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ata security policies including electronic, physical, and administrative safeguards, such as data encryption and training of employees. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Education\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7
\loch\f1  18-2-5h.pdf \line \line Maryland: \line I'm sorry, b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t without the provided context, I am unable to assist with the question. \line \line Kansas: \line \hich\f1 
According to Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5: \line \line 1. Examples of industry-specific standards for data security and privacy include: \line a. Health Insurance Portability and Accountab\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lity Act (HIPAA) Security Rule for healthcare organizations; \line b. Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) for financial institutions; \line 
c. Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) for entities that process payment card information. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 U\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sers\\User\\
Transportation Cybersecurity Legislation\\California\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.81.5.pdf \line \line Arkansas: \line According to the National Institute of Standards and Technology Special Publication 800-53: \line 
1. Industry-specific standards for data security and pri\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 acy include, but are not limited to: \line a. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) for healthcare information; 
\line b. Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) for financial information; \line c. Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA) for feder\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l information systems; \line 
d. Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) for credit card information; \line e. Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) for educational records. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\Cybersecurity Legislation\\
Nat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 onal Institute of Standards and Technology\\NIST SP 800-53.pdf \line \line Idaho: \line According to The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA): \line \line 
1. The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requires covered businesses to comply with data security and privacy requireme\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ts, including safeguarding personal information, encrypting data, and implementing access controls. \line 2. The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) establishes national standards for the protection of certain health information. 
\line 3. Th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) sets requirements for processing payment information securely. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Consumer Protection\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\'a7\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 798.100-.199 \line 2) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\
RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Federal\\Healthcare Privacy\\HIPAA \line 3) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Payment Systems\\PCI DSS \line \line North Carolina: \line Based on the context
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line \hich\f1 According to 49 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  114: \line \line Industry-specific standards for data security and privacy include: \line 
1. The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) for the healthcare industry, \line 2. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) for the financi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l services industry, \line 
3. The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) for the payment card industry. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\TraCR\\Documents\\Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislations_US\\49USCChapter114.pdf \line \line Texas: 
\line According to \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 T\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ex. Gov\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 \hich\f1 t Code \'a7\loch\f1  411.084: \line \line 1. Examples of industry-specific standards for data security and privacy include: \line 
(1) provides proof of an audit by a certified public accountant certifying that the requestor has implemented internal controls and security pro\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ocols that are consistent with the National Institute of Standards and Technology standards for cybersecurity and approved by the Department of Information Resources or an IT cybersecurity professional certified by the National Institute of Standards and 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 T\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 echnology or a similar organization; \line 
(2) provides proof of Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) certification or certification by a similar organization recognized by the Department of Information Resources; or \line (3) provides proof of co\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 pliance with voluntary compliance standards for cybersecurity developed by a national organization of certified public accountants for the management of customer data, including SOC 1, SOC 2, or SOC. \line \line References: 
\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Gover\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ment\\\hich\f1 Tex. Govt Code \'a7\loch\f1  411.084.pdf \line \line California: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 1798.82: \line 1. Examples of industry-specific standards for data security and privacy include the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) and the Gramm-\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
each-Bliley Act (GLBA). \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.82.pdf \line \line Montana: \line 
According to FACTA (enforcement of industry-specific standards): \line 1. The Health \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 I\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nsurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) \line 2. Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) \line 
3. The Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) \line \line References: \line 1) TraCR\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\Laws\\FACTA\\FACTA_Legislation.pdf \line \line Massachusetts: \line Based on the inf\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rmation available, the industry-specific standards for data security and privacy could include the following examples: \line \line According to Section 301 of the Cybersecurity Act of 2015: \line 
1. NIST Cybersecurity Framework \line 2. PCI Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 . HIPAA Security Rule \line 4. ISO/IEC 27001 \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\US\\Cybersecurity Act of 2015.pdf \line \line Iowa: \line According to Mass. Gen. Laws ch. 93H: \line \line 1. Examples of industry specific standards for\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 data security and privacy include: \line a. Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS), \line b. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), \line c. Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA), \line 
d. Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and \line e. Federal Information Security\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Management Act (FISMA). \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislations\\
Massachusetts\\Massachusetts_General_Laws_93H.pdf \line \line New Jersey: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.540: \line 1. The financial institutions have \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
he Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) \line 2. The healthcare industry has the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) \line 3. The payment card industry has the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\B\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 x\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\Cal. Civ. Code _ 1798.540.pdf \line \line Washington: \line \hich\f1 
According to Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  71.24.898: \line \line 1) Data security; \line 2) Protocols to ensure staff are following proper health informat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 on privacy procedures; \line 
3) Cybersecurity requirements and how to meet these; \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  71.24.898(2).pdf \line \line Louisiana: \line 
I'm sorry, but there isn't any specific information p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ovided in the context. Can you please provide additional details or context regarding industry-specific standards for data security and privacy? \line \line Maine: \line I cannot provide you with an answer at this moment. \line \line Alabama: \line 
According to H.B. 245: \line 1. The Aviat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 on and Transportation Security Act (ATSA) \line 2. The National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) \line 
3. The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) \line 4. The Cybersecurity Act of 2015 \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Transportation\\Security\\Legis\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ations\\File1.doc \line 2) C:\\Users\\User\\Transportation\\Security\\Legislations\\File2.doc \line \line North Dakota: \line I am sorry, but I am not able to provide an answer as the required details or contexts were missing. \line \line Alaska: \line 
\hich\f1 According to Reg \'a7\loch\f1 6802(d): \line 1. Industry spec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
fic standards for data security and privacy include, but are not limited to, the security standards under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 U.S.C. \'a7\loch\f1 6801 et seq.), HIPAA, the HITECH Act, and other provisions relating to performance standards. 
\line 2. Additional s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecific security and privacy requirements may pertain to industries such as healthcare, financial services, energy, transportation, and education. \line \line References: 
\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\TraCR\\Transportation Cybersecurity Legislations\\\hich\f1 Reg \'a7\loch\f1 6802(d).pdf \line \line Ohio: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
I am sorry, but without the necessary context information provided, I am unable to provide an accurate response. Please provide the relevant contexts for me to assist you with the question. \line \line Pennsylvania: \line 
I am sorry, but I do not have the information ne\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ded to form a response to the question. If you could provide me with relevant contexts or details, I would be happy to assist you. \line \line 
New Mexico: \line \hich\f1 According to California Civil Code Division 6, \'a7\loch\f1  1798.100: \line Examples of industry specific standards for data \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecurity and privacy can include: \line 
a. Financial institutions that must comply with the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act; \line b. Health care providers that must comply with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA); \line c. Businesses that handle payme
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t card information and must comply with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS). \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code Div. 6_\'a7\loch\f1  1798.100.pdf \line \line Kentuck\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 : \line 
I cannot answer the question without specific contexts provided. \line \line Hawaii: \line I cannot assist with your request. \line \line Minnesota: \line I cannot provide an answer as the necessary context is missing. \line \line South Dakota: \line 
I am sorry, but I do not have any relevant con\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ext to answer the question regarding industry-specific standards for data security and privacy at the moment. If you provide me with specific information, I will be able to assist you further. \line \line Illinois: \line 
According to California Civil Code Section 1798.8\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 .5: \line \line 
1. For the financial services industry, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) Safeguards Rule requires financial institutions to develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive information security program. \line 2. For the healthcare industry, the Health I
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 surance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) Security Rule provides national standards for the security of electronic protected health information. \line 
3. For the payment card industry, the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) outline\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  requirements for organizations that process card payments. \line \line References: \line 
1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\California Civil Code Section 1798.81.5.doc \line \line Some examples of industry-specific stand\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rds for data security and privacy include: \line 1. The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) for the payment card industry (C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Federal\\Healthcare Privacy\\HIPAA) \line 2. The Gramm-L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ach-Bliley Act (GLBA) for financial institutions (C:\\Users\\User\\Transportation\\Security\\Legislations\\File1.doc) \line 
3. The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) for the healthcare industry (C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\Transportation_Cyberse\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urity_Legislations\\Massachusetts\\
Massachusetts_General_Laws_93H.pdf}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid200217 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 )}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid200217 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000b079
38f605deda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}