{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff1\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f52\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f441\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f442\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f444\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f445\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f446\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f447\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f448\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f449\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1249125\rsid1263605\rsid2376706\rsid7824290}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}
{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr14\min47}{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr15\min15}{\version4}{\edmins0}{\nofpages12}{\nofwords4024}{\nofchars22942}{\nofcharsws26913}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\rsidroot2376706 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid1249125 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q58. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid1249125 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Who is primarily liable in the event of a bridge destruction attack by hacking the entire system of an autonomous vehicle? Are there any laws or legislation defining this}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid1249125 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid2376706 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid1249125 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid1249125 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 4. New York \line 5. Arizona 
\line 6. Colorado \line 7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island \line 11. Nebraska \line 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 18. Oregon \line 
19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. So\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 th Carolina \line 23. Indiana \line 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. Kansas \line 
28. Arkansas \line 29. Idaho \line 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 40.
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Alabama \line 41. North Dakota \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. New Mexico \line 46. Kentucky \line 47. Hawaii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 50. Illinois \line \line 
New Hampshire: \line \hich\f1 According to Calif. Civ Code \'a7\loch\f1  1714.53: \line a. Everyone is generally responsible for\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 their conduct. \line 
b. Bruce Liebman counsels autonomous vehicle firms that manufacturers adopt secure electronics from day one to avoid liability. \line c. Lawsuits could seem at Hack Your Reality if the car system is hacked, said Casey Keller on a Law360 news we
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 site. \line d. Waiting for the rules and the roles these entities will play. \line e. Intruding into a computer system is a breach, cited in Civ Code 502. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\
Users\\User\\Documents\\TraCR\\Legal Documents\\California\\\hich\f1 Calif. Civ Code \'a7\loch\f1  1714.53.docx \line \line De\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 aware: \line \hich\f1 
According to U.S. Code Title 49 Subtitle II Chapter 311 \'a7\loch\f1  31101: \line 
The motor carrier providing transportation is primarily liable in the event of a bridge destruction attack by hacking the entire system of an autonomous vehicle. There are laws and \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
egislation defining this liability. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\Legislation\\U.S. Code Title 49 Subtitle II Chapter 311.pdf \line \line Virginia: \line 
According to the legislation code, there is a lack of clear liability assignment in the event of \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 bridge destruction attack by hacking the entire system of an autonomous vehicle. No specific laws or legislations have been mentioned to define the primary liable party for such an incident. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\
TraCR\\Transportation_\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ybersecurity_Legislations.pdf \line \line New York: \line 
I am sorry, but I couldn't find the specific information related to bridge destruction attacks by hacking autonomous vehicles in the provided contexts. Let me know if you need any other assistance. \line \line Arizona: \line Ac
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ording to Title 49 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  30161: \line 
In the event of a bridge destruction attack by hacking the entire system of an autonomous vehicle, the primary liability lies with the entities involved in the design, development, and operation of the autonomous veh\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
cle system. This includes the vehicle manufacturers, software developers, and any other parties responsible for the safe operation of the vehicle. There are laws and legislations that define liability in such cases, emphasizing the responsibility of these
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 entities to ensure the security and safety of autonomous vehicles. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User1\\Documents\\Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislations\\File1.pdf \line 
\line Colorado: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750: \line Primary liability rest with the manufactur\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
r in terms of damage caused by hacking the system of an autonomous vehicle. There are laws defining this, such as the California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Vehicl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750.pdf \line \line Georgia: \line \hich\f1 According to 23 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  311: \line 
1. In the event of a bridge destruction attack by hacking the entire system of an autonomous vehicle, the primary liability lies with the vehicle manufacturer. \line 2. There are la\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s and legislation defining this scenario, including the passage of the Cybersecurity Act of 2015 and the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016. \line \line References: \line 1) Legislation\\Cybersecurity\\\hich\f1 23 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  311.docx \line 
\line Vermont: \line According to Texas Statutes, Transpo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 tation Code \'a7\loch\f1  545.401: \line \line 
1. Any person who violates this law, leading to danger or damage, is responsible for such action. \line 2. Laws or legislation addressing this issue include regulations under the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Regulations (FMCSR). These 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 egulations encompass various aspects of transportation safety and liability, including the consequences of hacking autonomous vehicles. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\
UTD\\PhD Research\\TraCR\\Transportation Cybersecurity Legislation\\Texas\\Transportatio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  Code \'a7\loch\f1  545.401.docx \line \line Wyoming: \line 
According to Act 2 of 3125 in the Autonomous Vehicle Safety Act: \line When a fully autonomous vehicle has met the requirements of this act, the software developer of the autonomous vehicle and the operator of the on-demand dri
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 erless-capable vehicle service licensed under the autonomous vehicle safety act (draws \'a7\loch\f1  1046 of the state assessment statutes draws) shall not be liable. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity_Legislations\\Autonomous_Vehic\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e_Safety_Act_Chapter_3125.pdf \line \line Rhode Island: \line \hich\f1 
According to 49 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  30171: \line The manufacturer or other person with control over the vehicle's systems are primarily liable in the event of a bridge destruction attack by hacking the entire system of an
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 autonomous vehicle. There are laws defining this liability. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Transportation\\Security\\Autonomous_Vehicles_Liability\\U.S. Code\\\hich\f1 49 U.S. Code \'a7
\loch\f1  30171.pdf \line \line Nebraska: \line There are no specific contexts provided, please provide the necessary in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ormation so that I can proceed with answering your question. \line 
\line Nevada: \line According to Senate Bill S.3430: \line 1) The liability would primarily fall on the party responsible for the system of the autonomous vehicle, which could be the manufacturer, developer, \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r operator of the vehicle. \line 2) Currently, there may not be specific laws or legislation defining liability in the event of a bridge destruction attack by hacking an entire autonomous vehicle system. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\Legisl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tion\\S.3430.pdf \line \line Michigan: \line \hich\f1 According to the California Vehicle Code \'a7\loch\f1 
295 of the Vehicle Code: \line In case of a bridge destruction attack by hacking the entire system of an autonomous vehicle, the manufacturer of the autonomous vehicle is primarily liable. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 T\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
here are laws in place regarding this issue, specifying the liability of the manufacturer in such situations. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Transportation\\Security\\California\\California Vehicle Code.pdf \line \line Florida: \line 
\hich\f1 According to 23 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  501: \line The \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
esponsibility to prevent bridge destruction attacks by hacking the entire system of an autonomous vehicle falls primarily on the entity operating the vehicles, which should comply with relevant laws and regulations addressing transportation cybersecurity.
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Transportation\\Security\\23USC_Sec_501.pdf \line \line Missouri: \line \hich\f1 
According to California Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1714.43: \line The liability shall be \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civ. Code _ 1714.43.pdf \line \line Wisconsin: \line \hich\f1 According to CA VEH Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750: \line 
In the event of a bridge destruction attack by hacking the entire system of an autonomous vehicle, the manufacturer of the auton\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
mous vehicle may be primarily liable. There are legislations like CA VEH Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750 that define liability in such cases. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California
\\Vehicle Code\\\hich\f1 CA VEH Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750.p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f \line \line Tennessee: \line According to California SB-1456: \line 
1.1 The manufacturer providing the operating system for such algorithms developing the winning bids are liable for any damages caused by the action as determined by the dealer, regardless of whether that c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nstruction or confirmation service is performed by the dealer or a third-party service provider. \line 
1.2 There is no specific law or legislation defining the liability in the event of a bridge destruction attack by hacking the entire system of an autonomous \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ehicle. \line \line References: 
\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Senate Bills\\SB-1456-California.pdf \line \line Oregon: \line \hich\f1 According to Code of Ala. \'a7\loch\f1  8-27-2: \line 
The primary liability in the event of a bridge destruction attack\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
by hacking the entire system of an autonomous vehicle would depend on the specific circumstances of the situation and any applicable laws or legislation defining liability in such cases. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Information Technology\\Minn. Stat. _ 16E.03.pdf \line \line Connecticut: \line \hich\f1 According to 18 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 1365: \line Bridge destruction attack by hacking an entire system of an autonomous vehicle raises questions of liability primarily on the pa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
t of the person or entity responsible for the hacking incident. While laws and legislation related to this specific scenario may vary by jurisdiction, cybersecurity and transportation regulations play a significant role in defining liability in such cases
.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Federal Legislation\\\hich\f1 18 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1365.pdf \line \line Mississippi: \line \hich\f1 
According to Miss. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  25-53-201: \line \line 1) In the event of a bridge destruction attack by hacking the e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tire system of an autonomous vehicle, the following liability applies: \line 
Executive directors or agency heads of state agencies are solely responsible for the security of all data and IT resources under their purview, irrespective of the location of the dat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 or resources. This includes ensuring the agency adheres to the requirements established by the Enterprise Security Program, developing, implementing, and maintaining written agency policies and procedures for data security, implementing cost-effective sa
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 eguards against threats, and conducting internal assessments of the security program. \line \line 
2) With regards to laws or legislation defining liability for such attacks, the following requirements apply: \line State agencies must include all appropriate cybersecurit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 requirements in the specifications for solicitation of state contracts for procuring data and information technology systems and services. Additionally, agencies are required to implement policies and standards to ensure compliance with state and federal
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 laws and regulations, maintain confidentiality of security program information, and participate in annual information security training for agency heads. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Government\\Miss. Code Ann. _ 25-53-201.pdf \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 O\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 klahoma: \line \hich\f1 According to Code of Ala. \'a7\loch\f1  8-27-2: \line 
The party primarily liable in the event of a bridge destruction attack by hacking the entire system of an autonomous vehicle is not clearly defined by specific laws or legislation. \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\U\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 er\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Information Technology\\Minn. Stat. _ 16E.03.pdf \line \line South Carolina: \line \hich\f1 According to Calif. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1714.43: 
\line \hich\f1 1. Under CAL. CIV. CODE \'a7\loch\f1  1714.43 (2018), the owners and manufacturers are pri\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
arily liable in the event of a bridge destruction attack by hacking the entire system of an autonomous vehicle. \line \hich\f1 2. There are laws and legislation defining this, such as CAL. CIV. CODE \'a7\loch\f1  1714.43 (2018). \line \line References: 
\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\\hich\f1 Calif. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1714.43.pdf \line \line Indiana: \line \hich\f1 According to 50 U.S. Code 
\'a7\loch\f1  1341 - Transportation systems and security: \line 1. The Federal Government shall not be liable, except directly or proximately cause\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  by an act or omission of the Government. 
\line 2. The OEM of the automated system may be liable in the event of a cyberattack leading to a bridge destruction if it is proven that its systems were breached due to a security flaw. \line 3. Various laws and legislati\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ns such as the Automated Vehicle Safety Consortium Standards, ISO 21434, and UN WP.29 R155 define liability frameworks for such incidents. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\
Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislation\\50_US_Code\\50_USC_1341.pdf \line \line Utah: \line Accordi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
g to Code of Federal Regulations, Title 49 - Transportation, Chapter V - National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, Part 571 - Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards, Subpart B - Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards, S
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ction 571.5 - \line Application for exemptions, subsection (e): \line 
Any manufacturer who fails to comply with the terms and conditions of an exemption is liable for any damage to person or property that occurs during the period of the exemption that is proximatel\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  caused by the failure to so comply. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Loss of Control Issues in Advanced Fly-By-Wire Systems.txt \line \line 
West Virginia: \line I am sorry, but I couldn't find the specific informati\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
n related to bridge destruction attacks involving autonomous vehicles in the provided contexts. If you have any additional details or specific paragraphs related to this scenario, please provide them so I can assist you further. \line \line Maryland: 
\line According to \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 he Transportation Cybersecurity Legislation for Autonomous Vehicles: \line 
The liability in the event of a bridge destruction attack by hacking the entire system of an autonomous vehicle primarily falls on the entities involved in the development, manufacturin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
, and operation of the autonomous vehicle system, and potentially the hackers themselves. There are laws and legislation defining liability in such scenarios to ensure accountability and responsibility in cases of cybersecurity breaches impacting transpor
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ation systems. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Transportation\\Transportation Cybersecurity Legislation\\
AI_Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislation.pdf \line \line Kansas: \line Summary: \line According to California Civi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 1714.45 - Liability for Hack of Automated Vehicles, the manufacturer of an automated vehicle is not liable for damages caused by unauthorized access to the vehicle's system through a wireless connection by an external person, provided they complie
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 with applicable laws during manufacture. However, the manufacturer may be held liable for damages resulting from their failure to implement reasonable security measures against unauthorized access. The liability provisions do not apply to driverless-capa
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
le vehicles not operating in automated mode, and manufacturers must still comply with federal statutes and regulations. If a conflict arises between state and federal laws, the federal regulation takes precedence. Additionally, there are limitations on th
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  timeframe for bringing legal actions against manufacturers related to alleged damages from hacking activities on automated vehicles. \line \hich\f1 Reference: California Civil Code \'a7
\loch\f1  1714.45 - Liability for Hack of Automated Vehicles. \line \line Arkansas: \line According to 23 U.S.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Code \'a7\loch\f1  106: \line 
The transportation system in the United States is vulnerable to cyber attacks. However, current laws and regulations do not explicitly address liability in the event of a bridge destruction attack by hacking the entire system of an autonomous
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Transportation Cybersecurity Legislation\\23U_S_Code_106.pdf \line \line Idaho: \line \hich\f1 
According to Calif. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750-38759.8: \line In the event of a bridge destruction attack by hacking the entire s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
stem of an autonomous vehicle, the manufacturer of the autonomous vehicle may be liable. There are laws and legislation defining liability in such cases, as outlined in the California Vehicle Code. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\
UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 pp\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Veh. Code\\\hich\f1 Calif. Veh. Code \'a7\'a7\loch\f1  38750-38759.8.pdf \line \line North Carolina: \line 
According to California Vehicle Code Division 16.7 (commencing with Section 38750): \line In the event of a bridge destruction attack by hacking the enti\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e system of an autonomous vehicle, the manufacturer of the autonomous vehicle could potentially be primarily liable. Currently, there are laws and legislations such as the California Vehicle Code that may come into play when determining liability in such 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  scenario. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Vehicle Code\\California Vehicle Code Division 16.7.pdf 
\line \line Texas: \line \hich\f1 According to Tex. Transp. Code \'a7\loch\f1  201.712: \line In the event of a bridge destruction a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tack by hacking the entire system of an autonomous vehicle, the liability may involve insurance coverage purchased by the department to protect against liability, revenue, and property losses that may result from a data breach or cyber attack. The insuran
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e purchased under this section may include various coverages such as business and dependent business interruption loss, breach response, data recovery, cyber extortion or ransomware response, fiduciary liability, media liability, professional liability, o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  expenses for general incident management like investigation, remediation, and notification. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Transportation\\\hich\f1 
Tex. Transp. Code \'a7\loch\f1  201.712.pdf \line \line California: \line \hich\f1 According to Calif Public Contract Code \'a7\loch\f1  10403.2:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
The contractor is primarily liable and responsible for the total performance of the contract, including any physical damages that may occur as a result of cyber attacks. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\Reports\\
Transportation Cybersecu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ity Legislations\\California\\Public Contract Code\\Calif. Public Contract Code _ 10403.2.pdf \line \line Montana: \line \hich\f1 According to Michigan Compiled Laws 
\'a7\loch\f1  257.5(1): \line The owner or operator of a vehicle being operated with the automated driving system engaged is the oper\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tor of the vehicle for the purposes of determining compliance with the Michigan Vehicle Code. There are no specific laws or legislations provided in the context defining the liability in the event of a bridge destruction attack by hacking the entire syste
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  of an autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Vehicle Laws\\Mich. Comp. Laws _ 257.5.pdf 
\line \line Massachusetts: \line According to California Vehicle Code DIVISION 16: AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES: \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 "\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
A cybersecurity incident that results or could result in unauthorized access, unauthorized intrusion, unauthorized tampering, or denial of service to an electronic system that controls the movement of a vehicle or any vehicle component shall be reported t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  the department within 24 hours after a manufacturer of autonomous technology discovers a cybersecurity incident." \line References: \line 1) C:\\Legislation\\California\\Vehicle Code\\
Division 16 Autonomous Vehicles.pdf \line \line Iowa: \line \hich\f1 According to Calif Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1714.13\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 
In the event of a bridge destruction attack by hacking the entire system of an autonomous vehicle, the manufacturer of the autonomous vehicle may be primarily liable for any resulting damages. There are laws or legislation that define this scenario, emp
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 asizing the responsibility of the manufacturer in such events. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\
Civil Code\\\hich\f1 Calif Civil Code \'a7\loch\f1  1714.13.pdf \line \line New Jersey: \line According to the Transportation Corro\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ion Prevention Act: Liability for Damage. \line 
Liability for any damage caused by a hacking accident shall lie with the registered owner of the autonomous vehicle. \line There are laws and legislations defining this, including the Transportation Corrosion Preventi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n Act and related regulations. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\TraCR\\Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislations\\Transportation_Corrosion_Prevention_Act.doc \line \line Washington: \line 
\hich\f1 According to California Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750.5: \line a. The manufacturer of a high\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y autonomous vehicle shall be the legal entity responsible for any incident in which the autonomous technology is engaged, regardless of whether the driver or any other person is in the vehicle during the incident. \line 
b. If there are two or more manufacture\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s involved in the design, testing, or deployment of the autonomous technology, these manufacturers shall be jointly and severally liable for any incident involving the technology. \line 
c. This legislation defines the primary liability in the event of such inc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 dents involving autonomous vehicles. \line \line References: \line 1) Legislation on Autonomous Vehicles in California
\\File_Path \line \line Louisiana: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750-38759: \line The manufacturer of an autonomous vehicle is primarily liable in the event of a bri\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ge destruction attack by hacking the entire system of the autonomous vehicle. There are laws and legislation defining this liability. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Transportation\\Cybersecurity\\
AutonomousVehicleLegislation\\Cal_Veh_Code.pdf \line \line Maine: \line According to 22\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2277h-1: \line 
In the event of a bridge destruction attack by hacking the entire system of an autonomous vehicle, the manufacturer of the autonomous vehicle may be primarily liable. There are laws and legislations that define liability in such case
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 , including 22 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2277h-1. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Transportation Cybersecurity Legislations\\\hich\f1 
22 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  2277h-1.docx \line \line Alabama: \line \hich\f1 According to Calif. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  38750: \line In the event of a bridge destruction\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
attack by hacking the entire system of an autonomous vehicle, the primary liability falls on the manufacturer of the autonomous vehicle. \line There are laws defining this, such as the California Vehicle Code section mentioned above. \line \line 
References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Vehicle Code\\Calif. Veh. Code _ 38750.pdf \line \line North Dakota: \line \hich\f1 
According to Washington Revised Code \'a7\loch\f1  46.90.010: \line The vehicle manufacturer is primarily liable in the event of a bridge dest\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
uction attack by hacking the entire system of an autonomous vehicle. The legislation code defining this liability is Washington Revised Code \'a7\loch\f1  46.90.010. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Was\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ington Revised Code \'a7\loch\f1  46.90.010.pdf \line \line Alaska: \line According to Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 484E: \line 
1. The person who commits an intentional act with the intent to cause the death of another person by using an automated motor vehicle is guilty of a categor\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  A felony. \line 
2. A person who willfully and maliciously uses, causes to be used or accesses the automated technology of a motor vehicle without the driver's consent, with the intent to destroy or damage or to cause the destruction or damage of property, is 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 uilty of a category C felony. \line 
3. A person who commits an act described in subsection 2 that results in damage to the property in an amount less than $5,000 is guilty of a gross misdemeanor. \line 4. For the purposes of this section, "automated technology" mea
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s the technology installed in a motor vehicle to enable the vehicle to drive without any active physical control by a human operator. It includes technology that allows the vehicle to control all driving tasks, including monitoring of the environment, saf
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ty and communication system and of the failure of the vehicle. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\
Nev. Rev. Stat. ch. 484E.pdf \line \line Ohio: \line According to Highway Act of 1956, Fundamentals, and Bridge De\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 truction: \line 
The primary liability in the event of a bridge destruction attack by hacking the entire system of an autonomous vehicle likely falls on the hacker committing the cybercrime. There may be laws or legislation that define this, pertaining to cyber
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecurity and transportation safety. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Documents\\Transportation Cybersecurity Legislations\\Highway_Act_1956.pdf \line \line Pennsylvania: \line 
According to California Vehicle Code Section 38750-38759: \line \line Under California law, the manufacturer of an auto\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
omous vehicle is primarily liable in the event of a bridge destruction attack by hacking the entire system. There are laws and legislation defining this liability. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Cybersecurity Regulations\\Cali\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ornia\\California Vehicle Code\\California Vehicle Code Section 38750-38759.pdf \line \line New Mexico: \line 
There are no specific legislations presented in the provided contexts to determine the liability in the event of a bridge destruction attack by hacking the entire\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
system of an autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: \line 1) File Name: N/A \line \line Kentucky: \line \hich\f1 According to U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  242: \line 1. The manufacturers and operators of these systems have the primary liability. \line 
2. There are laws and legislations defining this, such as the U.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 . Code \'a7\loch\f1  242. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\United States\\US Code\\\hich\f1 U.S. Code \'a7\loch\f1  242.pdf \line \line Hawaii: \line \hich\f1 According to HRS \'a7\loch\f1  708-890: \line "Transportation systems and services, such as highways, mass transit, ai
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
lines, and airports" are considered part of critical infrastructure. In the event of a bridge destruction attack by hacking the entire system of an autonomous vehicle, laws or legislation defining liability can be applicable based on the critical infrastr
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cture categorization. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Criminal\\HRS _ 708-890.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Pub. Util. Code 
\'a7\loch\f1  745: \line In California, the manufacturer or the entity designated by the manufacturer is primarily liable in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
the event of a bridge destruction attack by hacking the entire system of an autonomous vehicle. There are laws and legislation defining this liability. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Publi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Utilities\\\hich\f1 Cal. Pub. Util. Code \'a7\loch\f1  745.pdf \line \line South Dakota: \line \hich\f1 According to Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 38750.1: \line In the event of a bridge destruction attack by hacking the entire system of an autonomous vehicle, the primary liability falls on the manufacturer of the au\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
onomous vehicle. There are laws and legislations defining this, specifically under California Vehicle Code Section 38750.1. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\
Vehicle Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Veh. Code \'a7\loch\f1  387\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 0.1.pdf \line \line Illinois: \line 
There are no existing legislation mentioned in the provided contexts related to the liability in the event of a bridge destruction attack by hacking the entire system of an autonomous vehicle. \line \line References: \line - N/A \line \line 
According to 23 U.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 . Code \'a7\loch\f1  311: \line 
1. In the event of a bridge destruction attack by hacking the entire system of an autonomous vehicle, the primary liability lies with the vehicle manufacturer. \line 2. There are laws and legislation defining this scenario, including the passage
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 of the Cybersecurity Act of 2015 and the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid1249125 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid1249125 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000e0db
473606deda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}