{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8264400}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr12\min55}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr12\min56}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages15}{\nofwords5916}{\nofchars33722}{\nofcharsws39559}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot8264400 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8264400 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q6: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid8264400 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What are general reporting requirements for data breaches across states}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid8264400 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid2980297 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid8264400 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response: 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid8264400 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states:\line 1. New Hampshire\line 2. Delaware\line 3. Virginia\line 4. New York\line 5. Arizona\line 6. Colorado\line 7. Georgia\line 
8. Vermont\line 9. Wyoming\line 10. Rhode Island\line 11. Nebraska\line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 12. Nevada\line 13. Michigan\line 14. Florida\line 15. Missouri\line 16. Wisconsin\line 17. Tennessee\line 18. Oregon\line 19. Connecticut\line 
20. Mississippi\line 21. Oklahoma\line 22. South Carolina\line 23. Indiana\line 24. Utah\line 25. West Virginia\line 26. Maryland\line 27. Kansas\line 28. Arkansas\line 29. Idaho\line 30. North Carolin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 31. Texas\line 32. California\line 33. Montana\line 34. Massachusetts\line 35. Iowa\line 36. New Jersey\line 37. Washington\line 38. Louisiana\line 39. Maine\line 40. Alabama\line 41. North Dakota\line 42. Alaska\line 
43. Ohio\line 44. Pennsylvania\line 45. New Mexico\line 46. Kentucky\line 47. Hawaii\line 48. Minnesota\line 49. South Dakota\line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 0. Illinois\line \line New Hampshire:\line 
According to Legislation code RSA 189:66:\line \line Reporting requirements for data breaches across states are as follows:\line \line Paragraph III states:\line "III. The security plan shall:\line (a) Require notification as soon as practicable to:\line 
(1) Any\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 teacher or student whose personally identifiable information could reasonably be assumed to have been part of any data security breach, consistent with the legitimate needs\line 
of law enforcement or any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nd restore the integrity of the data system; and\line 
(2) The governor, state board, senate president, speaker of the house of representatives, chairperson of the senate committee with primary jurisdiction over education, chairperson of the house committee wit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  primary jurisdiction over education, and commissioner of the department of information technology."\line \line Reference:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Education\\RSA 189_66.pdf\line \line Delaware:
\line The general reporting requirements for data breaches across sta\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 es, as per Legislation code 6 Del. C. \'a7\loch\f1 
 12B-102, mandate that notice must be provided without unreasonable delay, but not later than 60 days after the breach of security is determined. However, exceptions to this timeframe include situations where federal\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
law requires a shorter notice period, law enforcement determines that notice would impede a criminal investigation, or when the breached personal information of residents cannot be identified within 60 days through reasonable diligence. In such cases, not
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ce should be provided as soon as practicable after the identification of the affected residents.\line \line References:\line \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\
Data breach Notification\\_ 12B-102. Disclosure of breach of security; notice.pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 aw\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8604.pdf\line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law
\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8606.pdf\line \line Virginia:\line \hich\f1 According to Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  18.2 -186.6:\line \line Notice means:\line 1. Written notice to the last known postal address in the records of the 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ndividual or entity;\line 2. Telephone notice;\line 3. Electronic notice; or\line 
4. Substitute notice, if the individual or the entity required to provide notice demonstrates that the cost of providing notice will exceed $50,000, the affected class of Virginia resident\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 to be notified exceeds 100,000 residents, or the individual or the entity does not have sufficient contact information or consent to provide notice as described in subdivisions 1, 2, or 3 of this definition. Substitute notice consists of all of the follo
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ing:\line a. E-mail notice if the individual or the entity has e-mail addresses for the members of the affected class of residents;\line 
b. Conspicuous posting of the notice on the website of the individual or the entity if the individual or the entity maintains a \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ebsite; and\line c. Notice to major statewide media.\line \line 
References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Criminal\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  18.2-186.6.pdf\line \line New York:\line Summary:\line \line 
General reporting requirements for data breaches in New York State require any state entity tha\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 owns or licenses computerized data containing private information to disclose breaches to affected residents promptly. Notification methods include written notice, electronic notice, telephone notification, or substitute notice. If more than five thousan
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 New York residents are affected, consumer reporting agencies must also be notified. Additionally, the state office of information technology services must provide regular training on best practices for preventing security breaches.\line \line 
Reference: Current Cy\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ersecurity Law\\New York\\Internet Security and Privacy Act\\ _ 208.pdf (Contexts 1, 2, 3, 4)\line \line Arizona:\line According to A.R.S. Title 18, Ch. 5, Art. 4:\line 
General reporting requirements for data breaches across states typically include definitions of what constitu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
es a data breach, notification requirements, and provisions for enforcement and penalties related to data breaches.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Arizona\\Data Security Breaches\\Article 4 Data Security Breaches.pdf\line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rizona\\Data Security Breaches\\18-551. Definitions.pdf\line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Arizona\\Data Security Breaches\\18-551. Definitions.pdf\line \line 
Colorado:\line General reporting requirements for data breaches across states vary, but in Colorado, according to C.R.S. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 6\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
-1-716, a covered entity that experiences a security breach involving personal information of Colorado residents must conduct an investigation and provide notice to affected residents within thirty days if misuse of information is determined or likely. Th
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  notice must include details such as the breach date, description of the information acquired, contact information, and resources for reporting and addressing fraud.\line \line References:
\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Consumer Protection Act\\C.R.S. 6-1-716.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\C.R.S. 24-73-103.pdf\line \line Georgia:\line \hich\f1 
General reporting requirements for data breaches across states are outlined in O.C.G.A. \'a7\loch\f1  38-3-22.2. Key points include the mandatory reporting of cyber attacks and dat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 breaches by agencies and utilities, with agencies required to report incidents within two hours if they could impact security or life-safety events. Reports and records under this law are confidential and not subject to public inspection. Affected indivi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 uals must still be notified as required by law.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\Military\\O.C.G.A. _ 38-3-22.2.pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia
\\State Government\\O.C.G.A. _ 50-18-72.pdf\line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\Commerce\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 and Trade\\O.C.G.A. _ 10-1-912.pdf\line \line Vermont:\line 
According to Vermont Statutes Annotated Title 9 Commerce and Trade, Part 3, Sales, Assignments, and Secured Transactions, Chapter 62, Protection of Personal Information, Subchapter 2, Security Breach Notice Act \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (
\loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'a7\loch\f1  2435):\line \line 
1. Notice of breach should be made in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, but not later than 45 days after the discovery or notification, consistent with the legitimate needs of the law enforcement agency as provided
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 in subdivisions (3) and (4) of this subsection.\line \line 
2. Data collectors that maintain or possess computerized data containing personally identifiable information or login credentials must notify the owner or licensee of the information immediately following d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 scovery of the breach.\line \line 
3. A data collector or other entity subject to this subchapter shall provide notice of a breach to the Attorney General or to the Department of Financial Regulation, depending on the entity's affiliation.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cy
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Commerce\\\hich\f1 9 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  2435.pdf (Page 2 of 6)\line \line Wyoming:\line \hich\f1 
The general reporting requirements for data breaches in Wyoming, as per legislation code Wyo. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  40-12-502, include conducting a reasonable and prompt investigation when awar\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 of a breach, notifying affected individuals unless law enforcement advises against it, and allowing financial institutions to follow specific federal notification procedures for compliance. Notification methods can include written notice, electronic mail
,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  or substitute notice under certain conditions.\line \line Reference:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wyoming\\Data Breach Notification\\\hich\f1 Wyo. Stat. -\'ba\loch\f1  40-12-502.pdf\line \line Rhode Island:\line 
General reporting requirements for data breaches across states include the following infor\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ation to be included in the notification: a general and brief description of the incident, including how the cybersecurity incident occurred, and the date of the cybersecurity incident, estimated date of the cybersecurity incident, or the date range withi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  which the cybersecurity incident occurred.\line \line Reference:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\Criminal\\\hich\f1 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  11-49.3-7.pdf\line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\Criminal\\\hich\f1 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  11-49.3-3.pdf\line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 I\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sland\\Government\\\hich\f1 R.I. Gen. Laws 
\'a7\loch\f1  42-7-9.pdf\line \line Nebraska:\line Summary:\line \line 
General reporting requirements for data breaches in Nebraska include conducting a prompt investigation when aware of a breach, providing notice to affected Nebraska residents and the Attorn\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y General if required, cooperating with data owners in case of a breach, and delaying notice if it may impede a criminal investigation.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nebraska\\Financial\\\hich\f1 R.R.S. Neb. \'a7\loch\f1 
 87-803.pdf\line \line Nevada:\line According to Nev. Rev. S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 at. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.930:\line \line 1. The statewide strategic plan must be updated at least every 2 years.\line 
2. A private entity may, in its discretion, make use of the information set forth in the statewide strategic plan.\line 3. Each agency of the State Government that has\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
adopted a cybersecurity policy shall test the adherence of its employees to that policy on a periodic basis. Such an agency shall submit the results of the testing to the Office annually for consideration in the update of the statewide strategic plan.
\line \line Re\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 erences:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.930.pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\
Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.900.pdf\line \line Michigan:\line \hich\f1 Summary: According to MCLS \'a7\loch\f1  445.72, in the event of a data breac\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
, an agency or person must provide notice to the affected individual through written notice via postal mail, electronic notice with recipient's consent or existing business relationship, telephone notice with recipient's consent, or substitute notice if c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sts exceed $250,000 or more than 500,000 residents are involved.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Commerce\\MCLS _ 445.72.pdf\line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS _ 500.561.pdf\line \line Florida:\line The response outlines the general r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
porting requirements for data breaches in Florida according to Fla. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 501.171. It includes provisions such as data security requirements, notifying the department of security breaches affecting 500 or more individuals, informing individuals whose pe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
sonal information was compromised, notifying credit reporting agencies in certain circumstances, and outlining the responsibilities of third-party agents in case of a breach. All notifications must be done promptly within specific timeframes as specified 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n the statute.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Consumer Protection\\Fla. Stat. _ 501.171.pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Consumer Protection
\\Fla. Stat. _ 501.171(2).pdf\line \line Missouri:\line \hich\f1 According to N.M. Code R. \'a7\loch\f1  15.9.102:\line State data \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
hall report a security breach for any data that is subject to the guidance and provisions of the New Mexico Data Breach Notification Act, NMSA 2017, Section 57-12C-1 et seq., whereby:\line 
- The data owner or licensee shall disclose any breach, immediately or \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ithin 45 days of the discovery, as long as the report is made in good faith and without unreasonable delay.\line 
- The data owner or licensee shall provide those affected with a description of the data lost, anyone that impacts the breach, and how they can con\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
act the data owner or licensee for further information regarding the breach or to receive a copy of the data owner's or licensee's policy on securing the data.\line - The data owner or licensee must also notify the Attorney General about the breach.\line 
\line Reference\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\State Regulations\\\hich\f1 N.M. Code R. \'a7\loch\f1  15.9.102.pdf\line 
\line Wisconsin:\line Summary of Response:\line \hich\f1 Wisconsin Statute \'a7\loch\f1  601.954 outlines the reporting requirements for data breaches by licens\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
es in the state. If the breach has a reasonable likelihood of harming consumers or the licensee's operations, and involves nonpublic information of at least 250 consumers, notification must be provided to the commissioner within 3 business days of determi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ing the breach occurred. The notification should include details such as the date and source of the breach, how it was discovered, the number of affected consumers, efforts to address the breach, and more.\line \line References:\line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wiscons\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.954.pdf\line \line Tennessee:\line Summary:\line \line \hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 56-2-1006 outlines reporting requirements for data breaches in Tennessee. It mandates licensees to notify the commissioner within three business days of a cybersecurity event if \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
t could harm consumers or the licensee's operations. If the breach involves the nonpublic information of 250+ consumers, notification to affected consumers must occur within 45 days of the event. If a breach occurs in a third-party service provider's syst
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m, the licensee must treat it as if it occurred in their own system.\line \line References:\line \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7
\loch\f1  56-2-1004.pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Consumer Protection\\47-18-2107. Release of personal \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 onsumer information.pdf\line \line Oregon:\line \hich\f1 
According to Legislation code ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555:\line \line (6) The center shall, in consultation with the council:\line (a) Develop and update every four years a strategic plan, including goals and objectives, for the center.\line (b) Develop a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d submit a report on the center\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s strategic goals and objectives, operations and funding requests for continued operations and funds administered by the center, to the Governor and to the appropriate committees of the Legislative Assembly, in the manner r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
quired by ORS 192.245, by February 1 of each odd-numbered year. The report must identify any grants, donations, gifts or other forms of conveyances of land, money, real or personal property or other valuable thing made to the state or the center for carry
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ng out the purposes of the center.\line (c) Provide a statewide forum for discussing and resolving cybersecurity issues.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\
Information Technology\\\hich\f1 ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555.pdf\line \line Connecticut:\line \hich\f1 According to Conn. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  36\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  -701b:\line 
1. Reporting requirements for data breaches include providing notice of any breach of security to any resident of the state whose personal information was breached or reasonably believed to have been breached.\line 2. The notice must be made without un
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 easonable delay but not later than sixty days after the discovery of the breach, unless a shorter time is required under federal law.\line 
3. Additional residents must be notified if identified following sixty days after the discovery of such breach.\line 4. Notifi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ation is not required if an appropriate investigation determines that the breach will not likely result in harm to the individuals affected by the breach.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Data Breach Notification\\
\hich\f1 Conn. Gen. Stat. -\'ba\loch\f1  3\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 6\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a-701b.pdf - Contexts 1, 2, 3, 4\line \line Mississippi:\line Summary of Response:\line 
Licensees in Mississippi are required to report cybersecurity events involving nonpublic information to the commissioner within three business days of detection. The notification must inc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ude details of the breach, actions taken to address it, and compliance with consumer notification requirements. Third-party service provider breaches must be handled according to specified conditions in the legislation.\line \line References:\line 
1) Current Cybersecuri\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y Law\\Mississippi\\Insurance\\Miss. Code Ann. __83-5-811.pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Insurance\\Miss. Code Ann. __83-5-811.pdf\line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Insurance\\Miss. Code Ann. __83-5-811.pdf\line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mis\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 issippi\\Insurance\\Miss. Code Ann. __83-5-811.pdf\line \line 
Oklahoma:\line \hich\f1 The response mentions that according to Legislation code 24 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f1  163, individuals or entities that own or license computerized data containing personal information must disclose any breach 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
f security of the system to residents of the state whose personal information was accessed or acquired by an unauthorized person. The disclosure should be made without unreasonable delay, except in certain circumstances for investigating the breach. The f
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ll details can be viewed in the provided reference documents.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oklahoma\\Data Breach Notifcation\\
_ 163. Disclosure of Security Breach_Notice.pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oklahoma\\Data Breach Notifcation\\_ 164. C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 mpliance.pdf\line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oklahoma\\
Government\\\hich\f1 74 Okl. St. \'a7\loch\f1  3113.1.pdf\line \line South Carolina:\line Summary:\line \hich\f1 The general reporting requirements for data breaches in South Carolina, as per S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 38-99-40, include providing information such a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 the date of the breach, details on how the breach occurred, discovery of the breach, actions taken, identity of the source, notifications made to authorities, specific data elements compromised, duration of system compromise, number of affected consumers
,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  internal review findings, remediation efforts, privacy policy copy, steps for consumer notification, and contact person details.\line \line Reference:\line Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 
S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-40.pdf\line \line Indiana:\line General reporting requ\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rements for data breaches across states include conducting a prompt investigation, maintaining records for at least five years after the event, notifying the commissioner within three business days of a cybersecurity event, providing specific information 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n electronic form, and updating the commissioner on any material changes.\line \line Reference:\line Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Insurance\\Burns Ind. Code Ann. _ 27-2-27-21.pdf\line 
\line Utah:\line \hich\f1 According to Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-19-405:\line 1) In the event of a data breach affec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ing 500 or more individuals, a governmental entity must notify the Cyber Center and the attorney general.\line 
2) The notification must be made within five days of discovering the breach and include specific information such as the date and time of the breach,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
a description of the breach, and steps taken to mitigate its impact.\line 3) Additional details such as the total number of people affected and the type of personal data involved must also be provided to the Cyber Center and the attorney general.\line 
4) For breach\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s affecting fewer than 500 individuals, an internal incident report must be created, and an annual report logging all incidents must be submitted to the Cyber Center.\line \line 
References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-19-405.pd\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 West Virginia:\line \hich\f1 
Summary: The reporting requirements for data breaches across states, specifically in West Virginia, are outlined in W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  18-2-5h. The code specifies various preconditions for data transfer involving students, such as out-of-state
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
transfers, attending out-of-state educational institutions, participating in assessments, or engaging in specific programs. Additionally, it addresses situations where student data may be shared with in-state or out-of-state contractors for state-level re
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 orting purposes. The code also covers scenarios related to federal reporting requirements, compliance reviews, and the use of assessment results by organizations like ACT or the College Board.
\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Educat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 on\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  18-2-5h.pdf\line \line Maryland:\line \hich\f1 
According to Md. Public Utility Companies Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  5-306:\line \line 1) General reporting requirements for cybersecurity incidents include:\line (c) A public service company shall:\line (1) adopt and implement cybersecurity standard
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  that are equal to or exceed standards adopted by the Commission;\line (2) adopt a zero-trust cybersecurity approach for on-premises services and cloud-based services;\line 
(3) establish minimum security standards for each operational technology and information tec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nology device based on the level of security risk for each device, including security risks associated with supply chains;\line 
(4) engage a third party to conduct an assessment of operational technology and information technology devices based on specific sta\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
dards and submit certification of compliance to the Commission.\line (d) Each public service company shall report a cybersecurity incident to the State Security Operations Center in the Department of Information Technology.\line \line References:\line 
1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UT\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 D\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Public Utilities\\\hich\f1 Md. Public Utility Companies Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  5-306.pdf\line \line 
Kansas:\line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code K.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  75-7240:\line 7. Include all appropriate cybersecurity requirements in the agency\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s req\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
est for proposal specifications for procuring data and information technology systems and services.\line 
8. Submit a cybersecurity self-assessment report to the CISO by October 16 of each even-numbered year, including an executive summary of the findings, asse\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
sing the vulnerability to unauthorized access or harm of the agency\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s or contractor\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s electronically stored information.\line 
9. Ensure that in the event of a breach or suspected breach of system security or an unauthorized exposure of personal information or \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
onfidential information, the agency shall comply with notification requirements and notify the CISO within 48 hours of discovery of the breach.\line \line References:\line 1) C:Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Kansas\\Government\\K.S.A. _ \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 7\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5-7240.pdf\line \line Arkansas:\line \hich\f1 According to Mich. Comp. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  24F.1604:\line 
1. The individual or owner shall disclose the breach to the affected individuals resident in this state.\line 2. The disclosure required under subsection 1 may be provided by one of the following \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ethods:\line a. Written notice.\line b. Electronic notice.\line 
c. Substitute notice, if the agency demonstrates that the cost of providing notice would exceed $250,000, or that the affected class of subject individuals to be notified exceeds 500,000, or the agency does\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 not have sufficient contact information.\line 3. The individual or owner shall disclose the breach to the attorney general if the breach affects more than 1,000 residents of this state.\line 
4. The individual or owner shall disclose the breach to certain consumer r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 porting agencies in the event of a breach.\line 
5. The individual or owner shall retain a record of the breach for five years.\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Privacy\\Mich. Comp. Laws- Section 24F.1
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 6\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 04.pdf\line \line Idaho:\line Summary:\line \hich\f1 The response outlines the reporting requirements for data breaches as per Idaho Code \'a7\loch\f1 
 37-3303A. It mandates the submission of records including purchaser's details, identification, sale information, and product details to a tracki\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
g system. The records are confidential to the retailer but may be accessed by authorities when necessary. Retailers in the electronic sales tracking system are protected from civil damages, except for cases of gross negligence or misconduct.\line \line 
References:\line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Idaho\\Public Safety\\Idaho Code _ 37-3303A.pdf\line \line North Carolina:\line Summary:\line \hich\f1 
General reporting requirements for data breaches in North Carolina, as outlined in N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1379, include reporting significant cybersecurity\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
incidents within 24 hours of confirmation, detailing information technology security measures, forecasting future cybersecurity needs, designating an agency liaison for coordination, ensuring personnel undergo annual security awareness training, and maint
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ining compliance with information security policies and practices.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. 
\'a7\loch\f1  143B-1379.pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\Consumer Protection\\N.C. Gen. St\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 t. \'a7\loch\f1  75-65.pdf\line \line Texas:\line \hich\f1 
According to Tex. Bus. & Com. Code \'a7\loch\f1  521.053:\line \line (i) General reporting requirements for data breaches across states involve notifying the attorney general as soon as practicable and not later than the 30th day after the breach, provid
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
d the breach involves at least 250 residents of the state. The notification must be submitted electronically and include a detailed description of the breach, the number of affected residents, measures taken, planned actions, and information on law enforc
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ment involvement.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Business\\\hich\f1 Tex. Bus. & Com. Code \'a7\loch\f1  521.053.pdf\line \line California:\line 
I am sorry, I cannot provide an answer as there is no context provided for me to extract the information from. Feel free to provide\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 the necessary context so that I can assist you better.\line 
\line Montana:\line Summarised response:\line The general reporting requirements for data breaches across states, as outlined in Legislation code 30-14-1704, include the disclosure of breaches to affected individual\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 without delay, the allowance for notification delays for law enforcement purposes, various notification methods such as written, electronic, or telephonic, compliance for businesses with their own notification procedures, coordination with consumer repor
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ing agencies, and the submission of notifications to the attorney general's office.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Montana\\Identity Theft\\
30-14-1704 Computer security breach.pdf\line \line Massachusetts:\line Summary of response:\line 1. Notification to owner or l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
censor is required without unreasonable delay when a breach of security or unauthorized access to personal information occurs.\line 
2. In case of unauthorized access to personal information, notice must be given to the attorney general, director of consumer af\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 airs, and affected residents promptly.\line 
3. Details to be included in the notice are the nature of the breach, number of affected residents, information about the breached entity, type of compromised personal information, steps taken to address the incident,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 and maintenance of a written information security program.\line 4. The director of consumer affairs and business regulation specifies relevant consumer reporting agencies and state agencies for notification by the affected party.\line \line References:
\line 1) Current Cyber\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 93H, _3.pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Massachusetts\\Business\\ALM GL ch. 93H, _1.pdf\line \line Iowa:\line 
Summary:\line \hich\f1 Iowa Code \'a7\loch\f1  507F.7 outlines reporting requirements for data breaches in Iowa. Licensees must notify the co\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
missioner within three business days of confirming a cybersecurity event if it involves 250 or more consumers and may cause harm. The notification should include details about the event, how information was compromised, and any updates as needed.\line 
\line Referen\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Insurance\\Iowa Code _ 507F.7.pdf\line \line New Jersey:\line \hich\f1 According to legislation code N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 52:17B -193.4:\line a. Not later than one year after the date on which the cyber incident reporting system is established and at least\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
once each year thereafter, the Director of the New Jersey Office of Homeland Security and Preparedness shall submit an annual report on its activities to the Governor, and to the Legislature, pursuant to section 2 of P.L.1991, c.164 (C.52:14 -19.1). The r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 port shall include, at a minimum:\line 
1. information on the number of notifications received and a description of the cybersecurity incident types and associated mitigating measures taken during the one -year period preceding the publication of the report;\line 2.
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 the categories of public agencies and government contractors that submitted cybersecurity notifications; and\line 
3. any other information required in the submission of a cybersecurity incident notification, noting any changes from the report published in the \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 revious year.\line \line References:\line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  52_17B-193.4.pdf\line \line Washington:\line Summary:\line 
General reporting requirements for data breaches in Washington state include mandatory disclosure to residents whose personal\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
information is compromised, immediate notification to data owners or licensors, potential delay in notification for criminal investigations, various methods of providing breach notices, and allowance for businesses to follow their own notification procedu
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 es if compliant with timing requirements.\line \line Reference:\line Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Business\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  19.255.010.pdf\line \line 
Louisiana:\line \hich\f1 The general reporting requirements for data breaches across states are outlined in La. R.S. \'a7\loch\f1  22:2506. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 T\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
hese requirements include notifying the commissioner within three business days of a cybersecurity event involving nonpublic information that could harm consumers residing in the state or impact the normal operations of the licensee, among other criteria.
\line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Insurance\\La. R.S. _ 22_2506.pdf\line \line Maine:\line 
Summary: The general reporting requirements for data breaches across states, particularly in Maine, mandate that information brokers and entities maintaining pers\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nal information must promptly investigate breaches and notify affected residents within 30 days of discovery, unless delayed by law enforcement. Third-party entities must immediately notify data owners of breaches, with a potential 7-day delay for crimina
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  investigations. Breaches affecting over 1,000 people require notification to consumer reporting agencies and state regulators.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine
\\Commerce\\10 M.R.S. _ 1348.pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 M.R.S. _ 2266.pdf\line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf\line 
\line Alabama:\line \hich\f1 According to Code of Ala. \'a7\loch\f1  8-38-7:\line (a) If a covered entity discovers circumstances requiring notice under Section 8-38-5 of more than 1,000 individuals at a s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ngle time, the entity shall also notify, without unreasonable delay, all consumer reporting agencies that compile and maintain files on consumers on a nationwide basis, as defined in the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C. 1681a, of the timing, distribut
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 on, and content of the notices.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Alabama\\Data Breach Notification Act\\Files(12).pdf\line \line North Dakota:\line \hich\f1 
According to N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  51-30-02,\line Any person that owns or licenses computerized data that includes personal\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
information shall disclose any breach of the security system to any resident of the state whose unencrypted personal information was acquired by an unauthorized person. Additionally, any person must disclose to the attorney general by mail or electronic m
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
il any breach of the security system that exceeds two hundred fifty individuals. The disclosure must be made in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, consistent with the legitimate needs of law enforcement or any measures necess
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ry to determine the scope of the breach and to restore the integrity of the data system.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Data Breach Notification\\
51-30-02. Notice to attorney general and consumers.pdf\line \line Alaska:\line I'm sorry, but I need \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 dditional information or context to provide an accurate answer to your question.\line 
\line Ohio:\line According to Legislation code: ORC Ann. 1349.19:\line \line 1) Reporting requirements for data breaches involve disclosing any breach of the security of the system to residents \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f the state whose personal information was accessed by an unauthorized person causing a material risk of identity theft or fraud.\line 
2) The disclosure must be made in a most expedient time possible but not later than forty-five days following its discovery o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  notification of the breach.\line 
3) Methods of disclosure or notification include written notice, electronic notice, telephone notice, and substitute notice if contact information is lacking or cost exceeds specified amounts.\line 4) If the disclosure needs to be 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ade to more than one thousand residents, all consumer reporting agencies must be notified without unreasonable delay.\line 
5) Consent waivers of the reporting requirements are void and unenforceable.\line 6) The attorney general is authorized to investigate and bri\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g a civil action for non-compliance.\line \line 
References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Data Breach Notification\\_ 1349.19 Disclosure or notification of.pdf\line \line Pennsylvania:\line Summary:\line \line Entities in Pennsylvania that maintain, store, or manage computerized data co
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
taining personal information must notify any resident of the Commonwealth if their unencrypted and unredacted personal information is accessed by an unauthorized person. Notification must be prompt, and state agencies must inform the Governor's Office of 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
dministration within three business days of a breach. Additionally, notification is required if encrypted information is accessed in an unencrypted form or if the breach is related to the security of the encryption. Vendors handling data on behalf of othe
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  entities must also report breaches to the entity they represent.\line \line Reference:\line Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\
_ 2303. Notification of the breach of the security of the system.pdf\line \line New Mexico:\line Summary of the Response:\line - The general reporting require\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
ents for data breaches in New Mexico are outlined in Legislation code N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  57-12C-6.\line 
- Companies owning or licensing personal identifying information of New Mexico residents must notify affected residents of a security breach within 45 days o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  discovery.\line 
- Notification is not required if the company determines that the breach does not pose a significant risk of identity theft or fraud.\line - Companies that maintain but do not own or license such information must notify the owner or licensee of any
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 security breach.\line - Notification methods include mail, electronic notification, or substitute notification under certain conditions.\line 
- Substitute notification includes electronic notification, posting on the company's website, and written notification to t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e attorney general and major media outlets.\line 
- Companies with their own notice procedures consistent with the timing requirements are deemed compliant with the law.\line - Failure to comply can have severe consequences in terms of notification and penalties.\line \line R
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ference:\line - Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Data Breach Notification Act\\57-12C-6. Notification of security breach.pdf\line \line Kentucky:\line \hich\f1 
According to Legislation code KRS \'a7\loch\f1  61.933:\line 1. General Provisions include notifying relevant authorities within 72 hours \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f determining a security breach.\line 
2. Upon conclusion of the investigation, if a breach is determined, notification must be provided to impacted individuals within 35 days.\line 3. Methods of notification include posting on the agency's website, notifying local 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r regional media, and personal communication via writing, email, or telephone.\line 
4. The notice must contain a description of the breach, contact information for the agency, and information on steps individuals can take to avoid identity theft.\line 5. Waivers of\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
the provisions of this section are considered void and unenforceable.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Information Technology\\KRS _ 61.933.pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Insurance\\KRS _ 304.3-760.pdf
\line \line Hawaii:\line **Summary:**\line The \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 eneral reporting requirements for data breaches across states, as outlined in HRS \'a7\loch\f1 
 431:3B -302, include notifying the commissioner within three business days of determining a cybersecurity event affecting two hundred fifty or more consumers. The notifica\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ion should contain detailed information such as the date of the event, how the information was exposed, discovery of the event, actions taken, and steps to remediate the situation. Additionally, the licensee must provide specifics about the compromised in
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ormation, number of affected consumers, internal review results, privacy policy, and contact person details.\line \line **Reference:**\line - [Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\
Insurance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-302.pdf](static/Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Insu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-302.pdf)\line \line Minnesota:\line Summary of response:
\line \hich\f1 Key reporting requirements for data breaches in Minnesota, as per Minn. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  60A.9853, include notifying the relevant commissioner within five business days of a cybersecurit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 event, providing detailed information about the breach, notifying affected consumers residing in Minnesota, and reporting cybersecurity events of third-party service providers, reinsurers, and insurers to appropriate entities.\line \line Reference:\line 
\line 1) Current Cyb\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rsecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Insurance\\Minn. Stat. _ 60A.9853.pdf\line \line South Dakota:\line \hich\f1 According to Arizona Rev. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  18-551:\line 
1. Any organization that owns, licenses or maintains unencrypted computerized data that includes personal information shall disclose any \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
reach of the security of the system following its discovery;\line 
2. An organization shall disclose a breach of the security of the system to any individual whose unencrypted personal information was, or is reasonably believed to have been, acquired by an unau\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 horized person when the organization knows or reasonably believes the personal information was accessed and acquired by an unauthorized person;\line 
3. An organization shall make the disclosure in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 consistent with the legitimate needs of law enforcement, as provided in subsection E of this section, or any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system;\line 
4. An organization that maintain\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 its own notice procedures as part of an information security policy for the treatment of personal information and is otherwise consistent with the timing requirements of this section shall be deemed to be in compliance with the notification requirements 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f this section if the organization notifies affected individuals in accordance with the organization's policies in the event of a breach of security of the system.\line \line Reference:\line 
1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Arizona\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Privacy Law\\Ariz. Rev. Stat. _ 18-551.pdf\line \line Illinois:\line 
The general reporting requirements for data breaches across states include notifying residents of Illinois about breaches of security that involve their personal information, either as data owners or da\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
a collectors, in a timely manner and without unreasonable delay. Notification methods can include written notice, electronic notice, or substitute notice under certain conditions. Data collectors with their own notification procedures are considered compl
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ant if they follow their policies for notifying affected individuals. Additionally, if more than 500 Illinois residents are affected by a single breach, notification to the Attorney General is required, including details of the breach and steps taken.
\line \line Re\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 erences:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Business\\815 ILCS 530_10.pdf\line \line 
The general reporting requirements for data breaches across states include notifying relevant authorities within specific timeframes after the breach is determined. This involves\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
disclosing breaches to affected residents promptly and conducting investigations to determine the scope of the breach. Notification methods may include written notice, electronic notice, telephone notification, or substitute notice under certain condition
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
. Additionally, compliance with state regulations, cooperation with law enforcement, and notification to consumer reporting agencies in certain circumstances are key components of the reporting requirements}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid8264400 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8264400 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e50000000000000000000000002015
84c6f2ddda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}