{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid11038682}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr13\min13}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr13\min14}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages14}{\nofwords5642}{\nofchars32166}{\nofcharsws37733}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot11038682 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid11038682 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q7: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid11038682 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 How do states define and classify different types of cyber threats}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid11038682 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid2050536 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid11038682 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Response:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid11038682 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states: \line 1. New Hampshire \line 2. Delaware \line 3. Virginia \line 4. New York \line 5. Arizona \line 6. Colorado \line 
7. Georgia \line 8. Vermont \line 9. Wyoming \line 10. Rhode Island \line 11. Nebraska \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 12. Nevada \line 13. Michigan \line 14. Florida \line 15. Missouri \line 16. Wisconsin \line 17. Tennessee \line 18. Oregon \line 
19. Connecticut \line 20. Mississippi \line 21. Oklahoma \line 22. South Carolina \line 23. Indiana \line 24. Utah \line 25. West Virginia \line 26. Maryland \line 27. Kansas \line 28. Arkansas \line 29. Idaho\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 30. North Carolina \line 31. Texas \line 32. California \line 33. Montana \line 34. Massachusetts \line 35. Iowa \line 36. New Jersey \line 37. Washington \line 38. Louisiana \line 39. Maine \line 40. Alabama \line 
41. North Dakota \line 42. Alaska \line 43. Ohio \line 44. Pennsylvania \line 45. New Mexico \line 46. Kentucky \line 47. Ha\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 aii \line 48. Minnesota \line 49. South Dakota \line 50. Illinois 
\line \line New Hampshire: \line States define and classify different types of cyber threats by requiring licensees to perform risk assessments, designate responsible individuals or vendors, identify internal and extern\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
l threats to nonpublic information, assess the likelihood and potential damage of these threats, evaluate the sufficiency of existing safeguards, including employee training, information systems, and incident response procedures, and implement information
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 safeguards while regularly assessing their effectiveness. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420-P_4.pdf \line \line Delaware: \line 
\hich\f1 According to 18 Del. C. \'a7\loch\f1  8604, states define and classify different types of cyber threats by going\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 through a specific process which includes the following steps: \line 
\line Paragraph (c): \line "(2) Identify reasonably-foreseeable internal or external threats that could result in unauthorized access, transmission, disclosure, misuse, alteration, or destruction of no\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 public information, including the security of an information system or nonpublic information that a third-party service provider has access to or holds. \line 
(3) Assess the likelihood and potential damage of a threat identified under paragraph (c)(2) of this \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ection, taking into consideration the sensitivity of the nonpublic information." \line 
\line Paragraph (4): \line "(4) Assess the sufficiency of policies, procedures, information systems, and other safeguards in place to manage a threat identified under paragraph (c)(2)\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
of this section, including consideration of threats in each relevant area of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s operations..." \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8604.pdf \line \line 
Virginia: \line \hich\f1 According to Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  2.2-3705.2: \line \line 6. Subs\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
riber data provided directly or indirectly by a communications services provider to a public body that operates a 911 or E -911 emergency dispatch system or an emergency notification or reverse 911 system if the data is in a form not made available by the
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 communications services provider to the public generally. \line \line For the purposes of this subdivision: \line \hich\f1 \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Communications services provider\'94\loch\f1 
\hich\f1  means the same as that term is defined in \'a7\loch\f1  58.1-647. \line \hich\f1 \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Subscriber data\'94\loch\f1  means the name, address, telephone number, and a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y other information identifying a subscriber of a communications services provider. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  2.2-3705.2.pdf \line \line New York: \line 
States define and classify different types of cyber threats by \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
eveloping policies, protocols, and strategies to prevent, detect, respond to, and recover from terrorist acts or threats, alongside natural and man-made disasters. This includes assessing the vulnerability of critical infrastructure to terrorist attack, c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ber attack, and other disasters, working with various agencies and entities, and devising protective strategies. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\
Government\\\hich\f1 NY CLS Exec \'a7\loch\f1  709.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Information Techn\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 logy\\\hich\f1 NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1  103.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1  209.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Internet Security and Privacy Act\\_ 209. Notification o.pdf \line \line Arizona: 
\line A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cording to N.D. Cent. Code, Title 39.1, Ch. 1-01: \line 
1. "Cyber threat" means an action, not primarily publicly known, performed with or without malice and for an illegal, unauthorized, or unethical purpose that may include, but is not limited to: \line a) Exploi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ing information from internal or external network reconnaissance; \line 
b) Disrupting, denying, degrading, rendering unavailable, or causing the destruction, corruption, alteration, exfiltration, or manipulation of data, systems, or networks; \line c) Controlling, \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 hanging, or manipulating system data or software in an unauthorized manner. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Title 39.1\\
Ch. 1-01.pdf \line \line Colorado: \line According to C.R.S. 24-33.5-1905: \line 2) Stat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s define and classify different types of cyber threats by: \line 
(c) Establishing relationships with appropriate federally funded research and development corporations under the sponsorship of the United States department of defense and the United States depar\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ment of homeland security as an administrative partner; \line 
(h) Establishing protocols for coordinating and sharing information with state and federal law enforcement and intelligence agencies responsible for investigating and collecting information related \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o cyber-based criminal and national security threats. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\C.R.S. 24-33.5-1905.pdf \line \line Georgia: \line \hich\f1 
The response provided discusses the definition of "Agency" as per O.C.G.A. \'a7\loch\f1  38-3-22.2, which incl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
des various branches of the state government, political subdivisions, departments, agencies, boards, bureaus, offices, commissions, public corporations, and authorities. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\Military\\
O.C.G.A. _ 38-3-22.2.pdf \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Georgia\\State Government\\O.C.G.A. _ 50-18-72.pdf \line \line Vermont: \line Summary: \line 
States define and classify different types of cyber threats based on cybersecurity infrastructure, best practices, communications protocols, standards, tra\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
ning, and safeguards. Vermont's Cybersecurity Law, specifically 20 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1 
 4662(a), establishes the Cybersecurity Advisory Council to advise on cybersecurity infrastructure, evaluate statewide readiness, develop best practices, and strengthen safeguards \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
or State government, businesses, and the public. Collaborations with universities, colleges, and federal partners are formed to ensure electronic information systems' resilience and manage risk. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
Vermont\\Cybersec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rity\\\hich\f1 20 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4662.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Government\\\hich\f1 3 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  3301.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Government\\\hich\f1 3A V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  3-83.pdf \line \line Wyoming: \line \hich\f1 According to Colo. Rev. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  24-30-2503: \line 1. A cybersecurity threat means a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y activity intended to, or known to: \line a. Compromise or impair the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of electronic data or electronic communications; or \line b. Compromise the use of electronic devices. 
\line 2. A cybersecurity threat includes, but is not\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 limited to: \line a. Exploitation of a cybersecurity vulnerability; \line 
b. Unauthorized access to electronic data or electronic communications; \line c. Unauthorized exfiltration, deletion, damage, modification, or use of electronic data or electronic communications; \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
d. Tampering or interference with electronic devices; \line e. Use of electronic devices to co-opt the electronic devices of others. \line 3. A cybersecurity threat does not include: \line 
a. Any lawfully authorized intelligence activity of law enforcement agencies or t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e intelligence community; \line 
b. Any legitimate exercise of lawful authority necessary to protect public safety or national security. \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Information Technology\\Colo. 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 R\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ev. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  24-30-2503.pdf \line \line Rhode Island: \line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code: R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  11-49.3-3: \line \line 
1) "Cybersecurity incident" means unauthorized access that could jeopardize the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of critical information sy\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tems and critical infrastructure systems (i.e., first responder networks, water, energy). \line \line 
2) "Classified data" means any data that is not public (private, sensitive, confidential). Classified data requires additional security controls, such as access re\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
trictions and encryption. Classified data includes personally identifiable information (PII), personally identifiable health information (PHI), or federal tax information (FTI). \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\
Criminal\\R.I. Gen. L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ws \'a7\loch\f1  11-49.3-3.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\Criminal\\\hich\f1 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  11-49.3-7.pdf \line \line 
Nebraska: \line According to HB 2937, \line States define and classify different types of cyber threats by: \line 1. Defining "cyber incident" as "any act that result\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 in unauthorized access to electronic data or information," and \line 2. Classifying cyber threats into three categories based on severity: Level 1 (low severity), Level 2 (medium severity), and Level 3 (high severity). \line \line References: \line 1) C:
\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 P\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 hD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\Legislation\\HB 2937.pdf \line \line Nevada: \line \hich\f1 According to Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 480.900: \line \line 1. Protecting and securing the statewide cyberinfrastructure requires the identification of the areas in which informati\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
n systems may be vulnerable to attack, unauthorized use or misuse or other dangerous, harmful or destructive acts. \line 
2. Protecting and securing the statewide cyberinfrastructure requires an ability to identify and eliminate threats to information systems i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  both the public and private sectors. \line 
3. Protecting and securing the statewide cyberinfrastructure requires a strategic statewide plan for responding to incidents in which information systems are compromised, breached or damaged. \line \line References: \line 1) Curren
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.900.pdf \line \line Michigan: \line \hich\f1 According to MCLS \'a7\loch\f1  500.555: \line 
3. A licensee shall do all of the following: \line a) Designate 1 or more employees, an affiliate, or an outside vendor to act on behalf of th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 licensee that is responsible for the information security program. \line 
b) Identify reasonably foreseeable internal or external threats concerning unauthorized access, transmission, disclosure, misuse, alteration, or destruction of nonpublic information. \line c)\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Assess the likelihood and potential damage of these threats. \line 
d) Assess the sufficiency of policies, procedures, information systems, and other safeguards in place to manage these threats, including consideration of threats in each relevant area of the li\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s operations. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS _ 500.555.pdf \line \line Florida: \line 
States define and classify different types of cyber threats by adopting cybersecurity governance frameworks that include guidelines and proce\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ses for establishing asset management procedures, using risk assessment methodologies, completing risk assessments and cybersecurity audits, identifying protection procedures, ensuring confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information, data acce
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s procedures, threat detection through monitoring, and establishing cybersecurity incident response teams. This approach helps mitigate risks, safeguard state agency digital assets, data, information, and information technology resources, ensure availabil
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ty, confidentiality, and integrity, and support a security governance framework. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Information Technology\\
Fla. Stat. _ 282.318.pdf (Context 1) \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Information Technology\\F\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a. Stat. _ 282.318.pdf (Context 2) \line \line Missouri: \line \hich\f1 
According to Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.82: \line 1. States define and classify different types of cyber threats based on the severity of the threat and the potential impact on the transportation system's confidential\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ty, integrity, and availability. \line 2. Cyber threats are classified into different categories, such as low, medium, and high impact levels, to determine the appropriate response and mitigation strategies. \line 
3. These classifications help transportation agenci\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s prioritize cybersecurity measures and allocate resources effectively to address the most critical threats. \line \line References: \line 
1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\California\\Civil Code\\\hich\f1 Cal. Civ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1798.82.pdf \line \line Wiscon\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 in: \line \hich\f1 
According to Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952: \line \line 2. Risk assessment \line 
(a) Identify reasonably foreseeable internal and external threats that could result in unauthorized access to or transmission, disclosure, misuse, alteration, or destruction of nonpublic inform\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tion, including nonpublic information that is accessible to or held by 3rd-party service providers of the licensee. \line 
(b) Assess the likelihood and potential damage of the threats identified under par. (a), taking into consideration the sensitivity of the \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 onpublic information. \line 
(c) Assess the sufficiency of policies, procedures, information systems, and other safeguards to manage the threats identified under par. (a) in each relevant area of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s operations, including all of the following: 
\line 1. Em\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 loyee training and management. \line 2. Information systems, including the classification, governance, processing, storage, transmission, and disposal of information. \line 
3. Processes for detecting, preventing, and responding to attacks, intrusions, and other sys\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 em failures. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\
\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952.pdf \line \line Tennessee: \line States define and classify different types of cyber threats by requiring licensees to conduct a risk assessment. This includes designating \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
esponsible individuals, identifying internal and external threats, assessing likelihood and potential damage, evaluating sufficiency of existing safeguards, and implementing information safeguards. Regular assessments of safeguard effectiveness are also m
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ndated (Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004). \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 56-2-1004.pdf \line \line Oregon: \line \hich\f1 According to ORS \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555: \line (3) The center shall: \line (a) Serve as the statewide advisory body to the Legislativ\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 Assembly, Governor and State Chief Information Officer on cybersecurity and cybersecurity -related issues for local governments, regional governments, special districts, education service districts, school districts and libraries. \line 
(b) Provide to public,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
private and nonprofit sectors in this state information and recommend best practices concerning cybersecurity, cyber resilience and recovery measures, including legal, insurance, and other topics. \line 
(c) Coordinate the sharing of information related to cybe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
security threats, risks, warnings, and incidents, and promote public awareness and shared, real-time situational awareness among public, private, and nonprofit sector entities. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\
Information Technology\\ORS \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'a7\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  276A.555.pdf \line \line Connecticut: \line States define and classify different types of cyber threats as follows: \line 
1. Cybersecurity event: Unauthorized access, disruption, or misuse of an information system or nonpublic information. \line 2. Encryption: Data transformatio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  for enhanced security. \line 
3. Information security program: Safeguards used to handle nonpublic information. \line 4. Information system: Set of electronic resources for managing electronic data. \line 5. Multifactor authentication: Verification using two or more aut
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 entication factors. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Connecticut\\Insurance\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 38a-38.pdf \line \line Mississippi: \line \hich\f1 
According to Mississippi Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  25-53-201: \line 3(a) "Cyberattack" shall mean any attempt to gain illegal access, including\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
any data breach, to a computer, computer system or computer network for purposes of causing damage, disruption or harm. \line 
3(b) "Ransomware" shall mean a computer contaminant or lock placed or introduced without authorization into a computer, computer syste\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 or computer network that restricts access by an authorized person to the computer, computer system, computer network or any data therein under circumstances in which the person responsible for the placement or introduction of the ransomware demands payme
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
t of money or other consideration to remove the computer contaminant, restore access to the computer, computer system, computer network or data, or otherwise remediate the impact of the computer contaminant or lock. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Law\\Mississippi\\Government\\Miss. Code Ann. _ 25-53-201.pdf \line \line Oklahoma: \line 
I'm sorry, but it seems no contexts were provided for me to answer the question. Could you please provide the necessary information for me to generate a response? \line \line South Carolina: \line S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ates define and classify different types of cyber threats by identifying internal and external threats that could lead to unauthorized access, disclosure, or destruction of nonpublic information. They assess the likelihood and potential damage of these th
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
eats, evaluate the sufficiency of existing policies and procedures, and implement information safeguards. Additionally, states must stay informed about emerging threats and vulnerabilities and use reasonable security measures when sharing information. 
\line \line R\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ferences: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\South Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20.pdf \line \line Indiana: \line 
States define and classify different types of cyber threats based on the categories of attack vectors described in subsection (b) of Burns Ind. Code\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 4-13.1-1-1.5. These categories include Ransomware, Business email compromise, Vulnerability exploitation, Zero-day exploitation, Distributed denial of service, Web site defacement, and other sophisticated attacks as determined by the chief informat
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 on officer and listed on the office\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s Internet web site. \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Consumer Protection\\
Burns Ind. Code Ann. _ 4-13.1-1-1.5.pdf \line \line Utah: \line States define and classify different types of cyber threats by identifying, an\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
lyzing, and mitigating cyber threats and vulnerabilities for executive branch agencies, coordinating cybersecurity resilience planning, providing cybersecurity incident response capabilities, recommending standards, policies, or procedures to increase cyb
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
r resilience, coordinating cybersecurity incident response for data breaches affecting governmental entities, promoting cybersecurity best practices, sharing cyber threat intelligence, developing incident response plans, establishing best practices for cy
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ersecurity resilience, identifying funding sources for cybersecurity improvements, and partnering with institutions and organizations to enhance cyber resilience within the state. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\Utah Code Ann. \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'a7\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  63A-16-1102.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 63A-16-214.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63C-27-202.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Cybersecurity Affirmative Defense Act\\Utah Code\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  78B-4-702.pdf \line \line West Virginia: \line \hich\f1 According to W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-2: \line \hich\f1 1. \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Cyber incident\'94\loch\f1 
 means any event that threatens the security, confidentiality, integrity, or availability of information assets, information systems, or the networks that deliv\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r the information. \line \line 
References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-2.pdf \line \line Maryland: \line \hich\f1 According to Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  3.5-2A.04: \line (a) 
\line (7) if the State Chief Information Security Officer \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
etermines that there is a cybersecurity threat caused by an entity connected to the network, take or direct actions required to mitigate the threat; \line \line Reference: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Government\\
Md. State Finance and Procurement Code Ann.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 _ 3.5-406.pdf \line \line Kansas: \line 
States define and classify different types of cyber threats by holding executive branch agency heads responsible for aspects related to cybersecurity, such as data and IT security, compliance with laws and regulations, breach prot
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
cols, and employee training. Directors of state agencies are tasked with annual training on cyber threats, timely disabling of IT credentials, and requiring IT security training for employees. The Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) collaborates wit
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  committees to develop self-assessment report templates and provide summaries to relevant committees. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\
K.S.A. _ 75-7240.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\K.S.A. _ 75-7244.pdf \line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Arkansas: \line According to Illinois General Assembly Illinois Compiled Statutes (ILCS) - Chapter 625. Vehicles: 
\line Regulation of Cybersecurity and Data Privacy in Transportation - General Provisions - Legislative Findings 20 ILCS 3775/10: \line 2. The term "cyber t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
reat" means any incident that may result in unauthorized access to or damage to a transportation system or to transportation system data. \line 
3. The term "cyber threat" includes, but is not limited to, the unauthorized access to or damage to systems and prot\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ctive measures, data, and data networks that are essential to the reliability and security of transportation systems or to the confidentiality of sensitive transportation system data. \line \line Reference: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research
\\RAG-app\\Current Cyb\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rsecurity Law\\Illinois\\Transportation\\ILCS Chapter 625.pdf \line \line Idaho: \line \hich\f1 According to Idaho Code \'a7\loch\f1  67-827A: \line \line 
1) States define different types of cyber threats by requiring coordination with state agencies and officials regarding information security needs (p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 int 6). \line 
2) States classify different types of cyber threats by coordinating with state agencies and officials on penetration tests and vulnerability scans of state technology systems to identify steps to mitigate identified risks (point 7). \line \line 
References:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Idaho\\Government\\Idaho Code _ 67-827A.pdf \line \line North Carolina: \line Summary: \line \line \hich\f1 
States define and classify different types of cyber threats based on specific criteria. In North Carolina, N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1320 outlines these def\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nitions: \line \line 
1) Cybersecurity incident involves unauthorized actions that compromise information or systems. \line \line 2) Ransomware attack entails encrypting data for ransom payments. \line \line 
3) Significant cybersecurity incident poses substantial harm to the state's in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 erests or public well-being. \line \line \line References: \line \line \hich\f1 1) N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 143B-1320.pdf \line \line \hich\f1 2) N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1379.pdf \line \line Texas: \line The response provided does not address how states define and classify different types of cyber threats. The response mainly foc
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ses on the use of criminal history record information and requirements related to cybersecurity measures for private entities. \line \line Reference: 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\
Government\\\hich\f1 Tex. Govt Code \'a7\loch\f1  411.084.pdf \line \line California: \line I'm sorry, I don't have a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y previous contexts or information provided to answer your question. If you provide me with specific details or contexts related to transportation cybersecurity legislations, I'll be happy to assist you further. \line \line Montana: \line \hich\f1 
According to Alaska Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  44.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 9\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 9.200: \line 
"Cybersecurity" means the process of protecting electronic information by preventing, detecting, responding to, and correcting the misuse, disruption, or damage of the information and the information systems on which it resides, as well as protect
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ng the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the information. Cybersecurity includes determining, assessing, monitoring, and mitigating information security risks and meeting legal, regulatory, privacy, and compliance requirements. Cybersecurity
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 considers people, processes, and technology to implement security controls that will protect information system assets from security risks. \line \line Reference: \line 
1) US-Alaska-CYBERSECURITY-AK-ST_44.99.200 \line \line Massachusetts: \line \hich\f1 According to Tennessee Code \'a7\loch\f1  47-18-2102\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line 
1. "Cybersecurity incident" means an event that is an attempt to \line 2. render inoperative, disrupt, or degrade, or attempt to render inoperative, disrupt, or degrade, \line 
3. a system, network, infrastructure, facility, resource, or service by means of cyber \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 xploitation. \line 
4. A "cyber exploit" means an attempt to gain unauthorized access to, or unauthorized use of, an \line 5. automated information system or its data. \line 6. "Cybersecurity threat" means an act that violates or is an attempt to violate these provisions.
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Code\\Tenn. Code _ 47-18-2102.pdf \line \line Iowa: \line \hich\f1 According to Michigan Statute \'a7
\loch\f1  24-244-3: \line 1. Cybersecurity threats are classified as follows: \line a. "Unauthorized ac\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ess" means access to a computer network, computer system, or data without permission. 
\line b. "Malware" means software designed to damage or disrupt a computer system. \line c. "Phishing" means using deceptive emails to trick individuals into revealing sensitive i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 formation. 
\line d. "Denial-of-service attack" means flooding a computer system with excessive requests to disrupt its functioning. \line e. "Ransomware" means malicious software that encrypts data until a ransom is paid. \line 
2. Each state may have its definitions and\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 classifications of cyber threats. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Documents\\Transportation_Cybersecurity_Legislations\\
Michigan Statute\\Michigan_Cybersecurity_Laws.pdf \line \line New Jersey: \line States define and classify different types of cyber threats by categorizi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
g them as "cyber threat indicators," which include various types of malicious activities like reconnaissance, security control defeat methods, vulnerabilities, command and control, and harm caused by incidents. The disclosure of any other attribute of a c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ber threat is allowed unless prohibited by law. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  52_17B-193.2.pdf \line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  52_17B-193.3.pdf \line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 New Jersey\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  52_17B-193.4.pdf \line 
\line Washington: \line States define and classify different types of cyber threats by establishing security standards and policies to protect information technology systems and infrastructure, developing central\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
zed cybersecurity protocols, detecting and responding to security incidents, ensuring continuity of state business in the event of a security incident, providing guidance to agencies on leading practices, serving as a resource for local governments, colla
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 orating with state agencies to develop standards, defining core services for agency IT security programs, and carrying out other necessary matters. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\
User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research f\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Governm\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nt\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450.pdf \line 2) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research f\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\\hich\f1 Rev. Code Wash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450(2).pdf \line \line Louisiana: \line States define and classify different types of cyber threat
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 by authorizing specific entities to receive cyber threat indicators and defensive measure information. These authorized entities include the Department of Justice, office of the attorney general, Louisiana Bureau of Investigation, the Department of Publi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Safety and Corrections, office of state police, Louisiana State Analytical and Fusion Exchange, and the Governor\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness. When conveying such information via electronic mail, the subject line must include \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 "\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Cyber Threat Indicator" or "Cyber Defensive Measure." \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Finance\\La. R.S. _ 51_2106.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Government\\La. R.S. _ 39_100.31.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 I\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nsurance\\La. R.S. _ 22_2506.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Government\\La. R.S. _ 42_1267.pdf \line \line Maine: \line 
States define and classify different types of cyber threats by requiring licensees to conduct risk assessments as per legislation code 24-A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 M.R.S. \'a7\loch\f1 
 2264. This includes designating responsible personnel, identifying internal and external threats, assessing likelihood and potential damage of threats, evaluating sufficiency of safeguards in place, and annually assessing the effectiveness of con
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rols and procedures to manage identified threats. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf \line \line Alabama: \line \hich\f1 
According to Illinois Compiled Statutes, Chapter 625 \'a7\loch\f1  5/1-216: \line 1. A "cyber incident" means any act that crea\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
es a significant risk to the security, confidentiality, integrity, or availability of an information system or the information the system processes, stores, or transmits. \line 
2. "Cybersecurity threat" means any action that may result in unauthorized access t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  an information system or the information the system processes, stores, or transmits. \line 
3. "Cybersecurity risk" means the risk that unauthorized access to an information system or to the information the system processes, stores, or transmits could result i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 the unauthorized disclosure, misuse, alteration, or destruction of such information. \line 4. "Cybersecurity incident" means an event that actually occurred. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\
Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Trans\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ortation Laws\\\hich\f1 Ill. Comp. Stat. Ch. 625 \'a7\loch\f1  5-1-216.pdf \line \line North Dakota: \line 
States define and classify different types of cyber threats by requiring licensees to implement information security programs that protect nonpublic information and information systems,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
and safeguard against unauthorized access or use of such information. Licensees must identify internal or external threats, assess their likelihood and potential damage, and evaluate the sufficiency of existing policies and safeguards. Boards of directors
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 must oversee the information security program and receive annual reports on its status and compliance. \line \line References: \line \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Insurance
\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-03.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Gover\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ment\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  54-59.1-01.pdf \line \line 
Alaska: \line I'm sorry, but I cannot provide a response as the necessary contexts for extracting information are missing. If you provide the relevant contexts, I'd be happy to assist you with your question. \line \line Ohio: \line St
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tes define and classify different types of cyber threats by requiring licensees to designate responsible persons or entities for their information security programs, identify potential internal or external threats to nonpublic information, assess the like
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ihood and potential damage of these threats, and evaluate the sufficiency of safeguards in place to manage these threats across all relevant areas of operations. \line \line **Reference:** 
\line 1) [Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\ORC Ann. 3965.02.pdf](static/C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rrent Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\ORC Ann. 3965.02.pdf) \line \line Pennsylvania: \line \hich\f1 
The response outlines the requirements for licensees to develop and maintain comprehensive cybersecurity programs in accordance with 40 Pa.C.S. \'a7\loch\f1  4513. This includes implementin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 security measures such as access controls, data management, personnel restrictions, secure development practices, regular testing, and audit trails. Licensees are also required to designate individuals responsible for the security program, monitor and ad
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 j\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ust the program as needed, and establish an incident response plan to address cybersecurity events. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Pennsylvania\\\hich\f1 
40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1  4513.pdf \line \line New Mexico: \line \hich\f1 According to N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  9-27A-3: \line \line 1. States define d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 fferent types of cyber threats by: 
\line a. Adopting and implementing rules establishing minimum security standards and policies to protect agency information technology systems and infrastructure to promote the availability, security, and integrity of informa
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ion. \line 
b. Developing minimum cybersecurity controls for managing and protecting information technology assets for all entities connected to agency-operated or owned telecommunications network. \line c. Monitoring agency information technology networks to detect
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 security incidents. \line d. Obtaining agency system event logs to support monitoring and detection. \line \line 2. States classify different types of cyber threats based on incidents that: 
\line - impact multiple public bodies, \line - impact more than ten thousand residents of \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 he state, \line - involve a nation-state actor, or \line 
- involve the marketing or transfer of confidential data derived from a breach of cybersecurity. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  9-27A-3.pdf \line 
\line K\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ntucky: \line \hich\f1 According to Louisiana Revised Statutes \'a7\loch\f1  51:741: \line \hich\f1 1. According to La. Rev. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 51:742, the state may classify cyber threats using levels of severity, each level identifying specific actions or types of threats. \line \hich\f1 2. La. Rev. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  51:742 al\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
o states that the levels shall correspond to specific responses or countermeasures, which are provided in the Cybersecurity Countermeasure Action Plan. \line \hich\f1 3. Louisiana Revised Statutes \'a7\loch\f1 
 51:743 defines different types of cyber threats that may be classified\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 by the state, including acts of terrorism, cyber espionage, and sabotage. \line \line References: \line 1) C:\\Users\\
User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Louisiana Revised Statutes\\la_revised_statutes_ch51.pdf \line \line Hawaii: \line According to Hawa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
i Revised Statutes Annotated Chapter 128B Cybersecurity, states define and classify different types of cyber threats by improving cyber resiliency, critical infrastructure network, utilizing existing resources, accelerating cybersecurity industry growth, 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecuring funds for cybersecurity, implementing cyber resiliency protocols, expanding cybersecurity understanding, and workforce through education. \line \line References: \line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Communications\\HRS _ 128B-1.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 aw\\Hawaii\\Insruance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-302.pdf \line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Communications\\HRS _ 128B-1.pdf \line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Insruance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-203.pdf \line \line Minnesota: \line \hich\f1 According to Minn. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 6\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 0A.9851: \line \line Subdivision 3. Risk assessment. \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  The licensee shall: \line 
(1) designate one or more employees, an affiliate, or an outside vendor authorized to act on behalf of the licensee who is responsible for the information security program; \line (2) identify re\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
sonably foreseeable internal or external threats that could result in unauthorized access, transmission, disclosure, misuse, alteration, or destruction of nonpublic information, including threats to the security of information systems and nonpublic inform
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tion that are accessible to, or held by, third-party service providers; \line 
(3) assess the likelihood and potential damage of the threats identified pursuant to clause (2), taking into consideration the sensitivity of the nonpublic information; and \line (4) asse\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s the sufficiency of policies, procedures, information systems, and other safeguards in place to manage these threats, including consideration of threats in each relevant area of the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s operations. \line \line References: 
\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minne\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ota\\Insurance\\Minn. Stat. _ 60A.9851.pdf \line \line South Dakota: \line 
According to Colorado Revised Statutes Title 43. Infrastructure Safety and Security Act Section 43-1-1310: \line 1. "Cybersecurity threat" means any act carried out over any computer system or network t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 at is conducted with the intent to: \line a. Gain unauthorized access to the network, data, or system of another person or entity; \line 
b. Breach the confidentiality of data, system, or network security measures without authorization; or \line c. Disrupt or deny servic\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s to a legitimate authorized user. \line \line 
2. "Cybersecurity incident" means a cybersecurity threat that occurs or an act or omission that creates an increasing risk of operational, financial, or reputational harm to the state or its residents. \line \line References: \line 1
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 )\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Path: C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Revised Statutes\\Title 43\\Infrastructure Safety and Security Act\\
Colorado Revised Statues Title 43 - Infrastructure Safety and Security Act.pdf \line \line Illinois: \line States define\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
and classify different types of cyber threats based on specific regulations. According to 215 ILCS 215/10 of Illinois Insurance Data Security Law, licensees are required to identify internal or external threats that could lead to unauthorized access, tran
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
mission, disclosure, misuse, alteration, or destruction of nonpublic information. The law also mandates licensees to implement measures such as designing information security programs, managing data and personnel, restricting access to information, adopti
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
g secure development practices, and utilizing controls like multifactor authentication. Furthermore, the law emphasizes the importance of adjusting information security programs in response to technological advancements, evolving threats, and changing bus
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ness arrangements. \line \line References: \line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\215 ILCS 215_10.pdf \line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Government\\
20 ILCS 1375_5-15.pdf \line \line States define and classify different types of cyber threats by requiring licens\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
es to perform risk assessments, designate responsible individuals or vendors, identify internal and external threats to nonpublic information, assess the likelihood and potential damage of these threats, evaluate the sufficiency of existing safeguards, in
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 luding employee training, information systems, and incident response procedures, and implement information safeguards while regularly assessing their effectiveness}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid11038682 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid11038682 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e50000000000000000000000005068
1843f5ddda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}