{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid2783521}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator User}{\creatim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr13\min15}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo7\dy24\hr13\min15}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages12}{\nofwords4202}{\nofchars23956}{\nofcharsws28102}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot2783521 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2783521 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Q9. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid2783521 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Do any states address cybersecurity incidents involving cross-border data transfers}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid2783521 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid12868791 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid2783521 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 R\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sponse:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid2783521 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Looking into the following states:\line 1. New Hampshire\line 2. Delaware\line 3. Virginia\line 4. New York\line 5. Arizona\line 6. Colorado\line 7. Georgia\line 
8. Vermont\line 9. Wyoming\line 10. Rhode Island\line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 11. Nebraska\line 12. Nevada\line 13. Michigan\line 14. Florida\line 15. Missouri\line 16. Wisconsin\line 17. Tennessee\line 18. Oregon\line 19. Connecticut\line 
20. Mississippi\line 21. Oklahoma\line 22. South Carolina\line 23. Indiana\line 24. Utah\line 25. West Virginia\line 26. Maryland\line 27. Kansas\line 28. Arkansas\line 29. Idaho\line 30. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 N\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
orth Carolina\line 31. Texas\line 32. California\line 33. Montana\line 34. Massachusetts\line 35. Iowa\line 36. New Jersey\line 37. Washington\line 38. Louisiana\line 39. Maine\line 40. Alabama\line 41. North Dakota\line 42. Alaska\line 43. Ohio\line 
44. Pennsylvania\line 45. New Mexico\line 46. Kentucky\line 47. Hawaii\line 48. Minnesota\line 49. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 outh Dakota\line 50. Illinois\line \line New Hampshire:\line According to RSA 420 -P:6:\line 
IV.\line (b) The computation of licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s deadlines shall begin on the day after the third-party service provider notifies the licensee of the cybersecurity event or the licensee otherwise ha\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  actual knowledge of the cybersecurity event, whichever is sooner.\line 
(c) Nothing in this chapter shall prevent or abrogate an agreement between a licensee and another licensee, a third-party service provider or any other party to fulfill any of the investig\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tion requirements imposed under RSA 420 -P:5 or notice requirements imposed under RSA 420 -P:6.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Hampshire\\Insurance\\RSA 420-P_6.pdf\line \line Delaware:\line 
The response outlines the cybersecurity incident notification requ\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 rements for licensees in Delaware as per 18 Del. C. \'a7\loch\f1 
 8606. Licensees are mandated to notify the Commissioner within 3 business days upon determining a cybersecurity event that may harm consumers, normal operations, or involves nonpublic information of 250\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 or more consumers. Additionally, there are provisions for reinsurers to notify affected ceding insurers and the Commissioner.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Delaware\\Insurance\\18 Del. C. _ 8606.pdf\line \line Virginia:\line 
Summary: Virginia's cybersecurity \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 aw, specifically Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1 
 38.2-623 effective from July 1, 2022, mandates licensees to conduct due diligence when selecting third-party service providers. These providers must implement measures to safeguard information systems and nonpublic informa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ion.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-623.pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7
\loch\f1  38.2-625.pdf\line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Government\\\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  2.2-5514.pdf\line 4) Cu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rent Cybersecurity Law\\Virginia\\Insurance\\
\hich\f1 Va. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38.2-624.pdf\line \line New York:\line Summary:\line \line \hich\f1 State Technology Law in New York, as per NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1 
 209, mandates that the office must notify key officials within twenty-four hours of a securi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y breach affecting shared data, networked services, or network connections with state entities.
\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1  209.pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Internet \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecurity and Privacy Act\\_ 209. Notification o.pdf\line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Internet Security and Privacy Act\\_ 208.pdf\line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New York\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 
NY CLS STATE TECHNOLOGY LAW \'a7\loch\f1  103.pdf\line \line Arizona:\line According to L\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 gislation code: A.R.S. Title 18, Ch. 5, Art. 4:\line 
States do not address cybersecurity incidents involving cross-border data transfers in the context provided.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Arizona\\Data Security Breaches\\Article 4 Data Security B
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 eaches.pdf\line \line Colorado:\line According to C.R.S. 24-33.5-1905, there is no specific mention of states addressing cybersecurity incidents involving cross-border data transfers.\line 
\line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Colorado\\Cybersecurity\\C.R.S. 24-33.5-1905.p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\line \line Georgia:\line Summary:\line \hich\f1 Georgia's O.C.G.A. \'a7\loch\f1 
 38-3-22.2 mandates that agencies and utilities report cybersecurity incidents to the director of emergency management and homeland security if they create life-safety events, impact data security, or affect critic\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l systems or services. Reporting procedures are specified by the director, and reports are not subject to public inspection. Affected individuals must still be notified of cyber incidents, as required by existing laws.\line 
\line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurit\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Law\\Georgia\\Military\\O.C.G.A. _ 38-3-22.2.pdf\line \line Vermont:\line \hich\f1 According to 20 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4662:\line 
(c) Powers and duties. The Council shall have the following duties:\line (5) conduct an inventory and review of cybersecurity standards and protocols for critical sector in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rastructures and make recommendations on whether improved or additional standards and protocols are necessary.\line \line Reference:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Vermont\\Cybersecurity\\\hich\f1 20 V.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  4662.pdf\line \line Wyoming:
\line Summary: The response outlines the requirements fo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 notifying individuals of a data breach in Wyoming, including the information that must be included in the notice. Additionally, it specifies the obligations of a person maintaining data on behalf of another business entity in the event of a breach.\line 
\line Refe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ences:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wyoming\\Data Breach Notification\\\hich\f1 Wyo. Stat. -\'ba\loch\f1  40-12-502.pdf\line \line Rhode Island:\line \hich\f1 
According to Legislation code R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  11-49.3-7:\line 11-49.3-7. Notification of cybersecurity incident.\line (a) Any municipal agency or state \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
gency that detects a cybersecurity incident shall provide notification to the Rhode Island state police upon detection of the cybersecurity incident within twenty-four (24) hours.\line 
(b) Any municipal agency or state agency required to make notification unde\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  this section and fails to do so may be liable for a violation as set forth in \'a7\loch\f1  11 -49.3-5.
\line (c) The notification shall include, at a minimum, the following information to the extent known:\line (1) A general and brief description of the incident, including ho\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 the cybersecurity incident occurred; and\line (2) The date of the cybersecurity incident, estimated date of the cybersecurity incident, or the date range within which the cybersecurity incident occurred.\line \line References:\line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Rhode Island\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 riminal\\\hich\f1 R.I. Gen. Laws \'a7\loch\f1  11-49.3-7.pdf\line \line Nebraska:\line \hich\f1 According to Ill. Admin. Code tit. 10, \'a7\loch\f1 
 175.120:\line No specific statutes or regulations were found that specifically address cybersecurity incidents involving cross-border data transfers.\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 U\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sers\\
User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Ill. Admin. Code tit. 10.pdf\line \line Nevada:\line 
The response provided outlines the importance of protecting and securing information systems in Nevada to safeguard the health, safety, and wel\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
are of its residents. It emphasizes the need for coordination, collaboration, and sharing of information to address cybersecurity threats across various sectors such as transportation, health care, energy, education, law enforcement, and commercial enterp
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ises.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Public Safety\\\hich\f1 Nev. Rev. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  480.900.pdf\line \line Michigan:\line \hich\f1 
According to MCLS \'a7\loch\f1  500.555, Michigan addresses cybersecurity incidents involving cross-border data transfers by requiring licensees to incl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 de cybersecurity risks in the licensee
\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s enterprise risk management process and stay informed regarding emerging threats or vulnerabilities when sharing information relative to the character of the sharing and the type of information shared.\line \line References:
\line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS _ 500.555.pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Michigan\\Insurance\\MCLS _ 500.559.pdf\line \line Florida:\line \hich\f1 
According to Fla. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  282.318:\line \line 3. Develop and publish for use by state agencies a cybersecurity governance \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ramework that, at a minimum, includes guidelines and processes for:\line 6. Detecting threats through proactive monitoring of events, continuous security monitoring, and defined detection processes.\line 
7. Establishing agency cybersecurity incident response teams \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nd describing their responsibilities for responding to cybersecurity incidents, including breaches of personal inform ation containing confidential or exempt data.\line 
8. Recovering information and data in response to a cybersecurity incident. The recovery ma\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  include recommended improvements to the agency processes, policies, or guidelines.\line 
9. Establishing a cybersecurity incident reporting process that includes procedures for notifying the department and the Department of Law Enforcement of cybersecurity inc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 dents.\line \line 
References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Florida\\Information Technology\\Fla. Stat. _ 282.318.pdf (Page 2)\line \line Missouri:\line \hich\f1 According to Maine Rev. Stat. tit. 5, \'a7\loch\f1  20001:\line 
Maine addresses cybersecurity incidents involving cross-border data transfers.\line \line Ref\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rences:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine
\\\hich\f1 Maine Rev. Stat._ tit. 5, \'a7\loch\f1  20001.pdf\line \line Wisconsin:\line \hich\f1 According to Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952, more specifically in part (6) Oversight of 3rd-party service provider arrangements, 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 here is a provision that states:\line \line 
"If applicable, no later than 2 years after the effective date of this subsection, a licensee shall exercise due diligence when selecting any 3rd-party service provider. The licensee shall make reasonable efforts to requi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e a 3rd-party service provider to implement appropriate administrative, technical, and physical measures to protect and secure the information systems and nonpublic information that are accessible to or held by the 3rd-party service provider."\line \line 
References\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 :\line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Wisconsin\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Wis. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  601.952.pdf\line \line Tennessee:\line \hich\f1 
Summary: Tennessee addresses cybersecurity incidents involving cross-border data transfers through Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004, which outlines requirements for licensee\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 regarding information security programs and reporting.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1004.pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Tennessee\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 
Tenn. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  56-2-1006.pdf\line \line Oregon:\line According to OR\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  \'a7\loch\f1  276A.555:\line 
No specific information about states addressing cybersecurity incidents involving cross-border data transfers is provided in this legislation.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Oregon\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 ORS \'a7
\loch\f1  276A.555.pdf\line \line Connect\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cut:\line \hich\f1 According to Conn. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1 
 38a -38, states explicitly addressed the cybersecurity incidents involving cross-border data transfers. Specifically:\line \line \hich\f1 The legislation code addressing this is Conn. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  38a -38.\line \line References:\line 
1) Current Cyberse\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urity Law\\Connecticut\\Insurance\\Conn. Gen. Stat. _ 38a-38.pdf\line \line Mississippi:\line \hich\f1 According to Mississippi Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  25-53-201:\line 
4) The Mississippi Department of Information Technology Services shall evaluate the Enterprise Security Program. Such evaluation sh\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ll include the following factors:\line 
(a) Whether the Enterprise Security Program incorporates nationwide best practices;\line (b) Whether opportunities exist to centralize and coordinate oversight of cybersecurity efforts across all state agencies;\line (c) A review o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  the minimum enterprise security requirements that must be incorporated in solicitations for state contracts for procuring data and information technology systems and services; and\line 
(d) Whether opportunities exist to expand the Enterprise Security Program,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
including providing oversight of cybersecurity efforts of those governing authorities as defined in Section 25-53-3(f).\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississippi\\Government\\Miss. Code Ann. _ 25-53-201.pdf\line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Mississip\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\\Insurance\\Miss. Code Ann. __ 83-5-807.pdf\line \line Oklahoma:\line \hich\f1 According to Utah Code \'a7\loch\f1  72-10-203:\line 
15.2.1 Utah Criminal Code\line 15.2.1.1 76-6-703. Possession, manufacture, or distribution of certain electronic devices \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  Requirements for criminal history background c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ecks.\line 15.2.1.2 76-6-704. Unauthorized installation of a tracking device.\line 15.2.1.3 76-6-706. Installing or using an instrument or device to obtain the direct observation or recording of a person.\line \line 
References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rrent Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Utah Code - Title 72 - Chapter 10 - Part 2.pdf\line \line South Carolina:\line \hich\f1 
According to S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-20:\line (H)\line (1) As part of its information security program, a licensee must establish a written incident response plan designed t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 promptly respond to, and recover from, a cybersecurity event that compromises the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of nonpublic information in its possession, the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s information systems, or the continuing functionality of any aspect of\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s business or operations.\line \line Reference:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\
South Carolina\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 S.C. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  38-99-40.pdf\line \line Indiana:\line \hich\f1 Summary: Indiana's Burns Ind. Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  27-2-27-21 mandates licensees to promptly notify the commissioner wi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
hin three business days of a cybersecurity event involving nonpublic information if it may harm consumers in Indiana or the licensee's operations. This obligation applies if Indiana is the licensee's domicile or if at least 250 Indiana consumers are affec
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ed by the event.\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Indiana\\Insurance\\Burns Ind. Code Ann. 27-2-27-21.pdf\line \line 
Utah:\line \hich\f1 According to Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-16-1102, the state addresses cybersecurity incidents invol\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 v\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ing cross-border data transfers through the Utah Cyber Center's collaboration with appropriate federal partners, including the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency. This partnership allows for sharing cyber threat intelligence with governmenta
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  entities and other public and private sector organizations, which may involve cross-border data transfers.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Utah\\Government\\
\hich\f1 Utah Code Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  63A-16-1102.pdf\line \line West Virginia:\line \hich\f1 According to W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-2:\line \hich\f1 A \'93\loch\f1 C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
ber incident\'94\loch\f1  means any event that threatens the security, confidentiality, integrity, or availability of information assets, information systems, or the networks that deliver the information.\line \line References:\line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\West Virginia\\Govern\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ent\\\hich\f1 W. Va. Code \'a7\loch\f1  5A-6B-2.pdf\line \line Maryland:\line 
In Maryland, public service companies are required to adopt and implement cybersecurity standards at least equal to those adopted by the Commission. They must report any cybersecurity incidents, including attacks, \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o the State Security Operations Center. However, there is no specific mention of addressing cybersecurity incidents involving cross-border data transfers.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\
Public Utilities\\Md. Public Utility Companies Cod\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Ann. _ 5-306.pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Insurance\\Md. Insurance Code Ann. _ 33-103.pdf\line 
3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Insurance\\Md. Insurance Code Ann. _ 33-105.pdf\line 4) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maryland\\Government\\Md. State Finance \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nd Procurement Code Ann. _ 3.5-406.pdf\line \line Kansas:\line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code: K.S.A. \'a7\loch\f1  75-7240:\line \line 
9) ensure that if an agency owns, licenses or maintains computerized data that includes personal information, confidential information or information, the di\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
closure of which is regulated by law, such agency shall, in the event of a breach or suspected breach of system security or an unauthorized exposure of that information:\line 
(A) Comply with the notification requirements set out in K.S.A. 2022 Supp. 50-7a01 et\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
seq., and amendments thereto, and applicable federal laws and rules and regulations, to the same extent as a person who conducts business in this state; and\line 
(B) not later than 48 hours after the discovery of the breach, suspected breach or unauthorized ex\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
osure, notify: (i) The CISO; and (ii) if the breach, suspected breach or unauthorized exposure involves election data, the secretary of state.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kansas\\Government\\K.S.A. _ 75-7240.pdf\line \line 
Arkansas:\line Based on the informa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ion provided in the context, no specific legislation addressing cybersecurity incidents involving cross-border data transfers was mentioned.\line \line 
References:\line - No specific legislation mentioned.\line \line Idaho:\line \hich\f1 According to Wash. Rev. Code \'a7\loch\f1  35.330:\line States are taking\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
measures to align their statutes and cybersecurity guidance with the international transfer of data and security controls. Many states are imposing data privacy and security requirements as states regular the cross-border transfer data by adopting data pr
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tection regulations or special frameworks such as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\
Transportation\\Cybersecurity Legislations\\Washington\\\hich\f1 Wash. Rev. Code \'a7\loch\f1  35.330.pdf\line \line North Car\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lina:\line Summary of the response:\line 
- State agencies in North Carolina are required to cooperate with the State CIO by providing details of their IT and operational requirements, significant cybersecurity incidents, security measures, future cybersecurity need\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 , and designating an agency liaison.\line - Local government entities must report cybersecurity incidents to the Department, with information shared being protected from public disclosure.\line 
- Private sector entities are encouraged to report cybersecurity incide\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ts to the Department.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\Information Technology\\
\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1379.pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Carolina\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.C. Gen. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  143B-1320.pdf\line \line Texas:\line Summary:\line Texas\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
addresses cybersecurity incidents involving cross-border data transfers by establishing a system for anonymous information sharing on cyber attacks or incidents between participating schools and the state. The system ensures real-time sharing of reports w
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ile maintaining the anonymity of reporting schools.\line \line Reference:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\Education\\\hich\f1 Tex. Educ. Code \'a7\loch\f1  11.175.pdf\line \line 
California:\line \hich\f1 According to Ohio Rev. Code \'a7\loch\f1  1354.01:\line 1. Yes, some states have addressed cybersecurity incidents involv\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ng cross-border data transfers in their legislation.\line \line References:\line \hich\f1 1) ../Ohio/OH Rev Code \'a7\loch\f1  1354.01.pdf\line \line Montana:\line According to Legislation code: 30-14-1704 Computer security breach:\line \line 
5. (a) For purposes of this section, notice may be provided by one of the\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 following methods:\line (i) written notice;\line 
(ii) electronic notice, if the notice provided is consistent with the provisions regarding\line electronic records and signatures set forth in 15 U.S.C. 7001;\line (iii) telephonic notice; or\line (iv) substitute notice, if the per
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 on or business demonstrates that:\line (A) the cost of providing notice would exceed $250,000;\line (B) the affected class of subject persons to be notified exceeds 500,000; or\line 
(C) the person or business does not have sufficient contact information.\line \line References:\line 1)\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Current Cybersecurity Law\\Montana\\Identity Theft\\
30-14-1704 Computer security breach.pdf\line \line Massachusetts:\line According to Texas Statutes - Bus. & Com. Code, Title 11, Subtitle C, Ch. 521:\line Texas does address cybersecurity incidents involving cross-border data 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ransfers.\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Texas\\
Texas Statutes - Bus. & Com. Code, Title 11, Subtitle C, Ch. 521.pdf\line \line Iowa:\line \hich\f1 According to Iowa Code \'a7\loch\f1  554G.3:\line \line 1. Iowa does not explicitly address cybersec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rity incidents involving cross-border data transfers in the context of cybersecurity programs and frameworks for covered entities. The focus is primarily on industry-recognized cybersecurity frameworks, compliance with specific federal laws and regulation
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 , and data security standards.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Iowa\\Commerce\\Iowa Code _ 554G.3.pdf\line \line New Jersey:\line \hich\f1 
Summary: New Jersey Legislation code N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  52:17B-193.3 mandates public agencies and government contractors to report cyberse\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
urity incidents to the New Jersey Office of Homeland Security and Preparedness within 72 hours. The office receives and maintains incident notifications from various entities, but specific provisions addressing cybersecurity incidents involving cross-bord
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r data transfers are not provided.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  52_17B-193.3.pdf\line 
2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Government\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  52_17B-193.3.pdf\line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Jersey\\Gover\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ment\\\hich\f1 N.J. Stat. \'a7
\loch\f1  52_17B-193.4.pdf\line \line Washington:\line 
Summary: The state of Washington has established an office of cybersecurity with primary duties including setting security standards, developing centralized protocols, defining core services, and ensuring th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  highest levels of security for protecting confidential information in the state's IT systems. State agencies are required to develop IT security programs in line with these standards.\line \line 
Reference: Current Cybersecurity Law\\Washington\\Government\\Rev. Code \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 W\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ash. (ARCW) \'a7\loch\f1  43.105.450.pdf\line \line Louisiana:\line \hich\f1 
According to Louisiana Revised Statutes \'a7\loch\f1  39:100.31, a cyber incident is defined as any malicious, destructive, or harmful software that impacts various computer systems owned or operated by the state or its politi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 al subdivisions.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Government\\La. R.S. _ 39_100.31.pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Insurance\\
La. R.S. _ 22_2506.pdf\line 3) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Louisiana\\Finance\\La. R.S. _ 51_2106.pdf\line \line Maine:\line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 T\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
he response does not specifically address cybersecurity incidents involving cross-border data transfers. It focuses on the oversight responsibilities of the board of directors regarding the licensee's information security program. The reference part remai
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s unchanged.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2264.pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Maine\\Insurance\\24-A M.R.S. _ 2266.pdf
\line \line Alabama:\line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code: AL. \'a7\loch\f1  8-38-11:\line An entity subject to or regulated by \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ederal laws, rules, regulations, procedures, or guidance on data breach notification established or enforced by the federal government is exempt from this chapter as long as the entity does all of the following:\line 
(1) Maintains procedures pursuant to those \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 aws, rules, regulations, procedures, or guidance.\line 
(2) Provides notice to affected individuals pursuant to those laws, rules, regulations, procedures, or guidance.\line (3) Timely provides a copy of the notice to the Attorney General when the number of individu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ls the entity notified exceeds 1,000.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Alabama\\Data Breach Notification Act\\Files(12).pdf\line \line North Dakota:\line \hich\f1 According to N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7
\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-03:\line 7. The licensee shall monitor, evaluate, and adjust, as appropr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ate, the information security program consistent with any relevant changes in technology, the sensitivity of its nonpublic information, internal or external threats to information, and the licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s own changing business arrangements, including mergers a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d acquisitions, alliances and joint ventures, outsourcing arrangements, and changes to information systems.\line \line References:
\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\North Dakota\\Insurance\\\hich\f1 N.D. Cent. Code, \'a7\loch\f1  26.1-02.2-03.pdf\line \line Alaska:\line \hich\f1 According to Idaho Code \'a7\loch\f1  31-901A:\line St\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tes do address cybersecurity incidents involving cross-border data transfers. Idaho's breach notification law applies to any entity that conducts business in the state that "experiences a breach of the security of a system containing personal information.
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 "\line \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Idaho\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 Idaho Code \'a7\loch\f1  31-901A.pdf\line 
\line Ohio:\line According to ORC Ann. 3965.02:\line (J) A licensee that meets the requirements of this chapter shall be deemed to\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
have implemented a cybersecurity program that reasonably conforms to an industry-recognized cybersecurity framework for the purposes of Chapter 1354. of the Revised Code.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Ohio\\Insurance\\
ORC Ann. 3965.04.pdf\line \line Penns\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lvania:\line \hich\f1 According to 40 Pa.C.S. \'a7\loch\f1  4518:\line 
(a) In the case of a cybersecurity event involving nonpublic information that is in the possession of the licensee, which is acting as an assuming insurer and does not have a direct contractual relationship with the\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 affected consumers, the assuming insurer shall notify its affected ceding insurers and the commissioner of its state of domicile within three business days of making the determination that a cybersecurity event has occurred.
\line \line Reference:\line 1) Current Cyberse\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 urity Law\\Pennsylvania\\\hich\f1 40 Pa.C.S. -\'ba\loch\f1  4518.pdf\line \line New Mexico:\line \hich\f1 According to N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7
\loch\f1  9-27A-3:\line 6) serve as a cybersecurity resource for local governments;\line \line Reference:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\New Mexico\\Information Technology\\\hich\f1 N.M. Stat. Ann. \'a7\loch\f1  9-2\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 7
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 A-3.pdf\line \line Kentucky:\line \hich\f1 According to KRS \'a7\loch\f1  304.3 -760:\line \line 
6. In the case of a cybersecurity event involving nonpublic information that is used by a licensee acting as an assuming insurer, or that is in the possession, custody, or control of a licensee that is ac\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ing as an assuming insurer, and the assuming insurer does not have a direct contractual relationship with the affected consumers, the assuming insurer shall notify its affected ceding insurers and the commissioner of its state of domicile within three (3)
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 business days of making the determination that a cybersecurity event has occurred.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Kentucky\\Insurance\\KRS _ 304.3-760.pdf\line 
\line Hawaii:\line \hich\f1 According to Legislation code: HRS \'a7\loch\f1  128B-1:\line \line 1) Hawaii Revised Statutes Annotated\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 > Division 1. Government (Titles 1 \hich\f1 \emdash 
\loch\f1  21) > Title 10 Public Safety and Internal Security (Chs. 121 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1  138) > Chapter 128B Cybersecurity (\'a7\loch\f1  128B-1):\line 
- No specific mention of states addressing cybersecurity incidents involving cross-border data transfers was \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ound in the provided context.\line \line References:\line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Communications\\HRS _ 128B-1.pdf\line 2) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\PhD Research\\RAG-app\\Current Cybersecurity Law\\Hawaii\\Insurance Data Security Law\\HRS _ 431_3B-302.pdf\line \line Minnesota:\line Acco
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ding to Minn. Stat. \'a7\loch\f1  60A.9851:\line 6) Oversight of third-party service provider arrangements.\line 
(a) A licensee shall exercise due diligence in selecting its third-party service provider.\line (b) A licensee shall require a third-party service provider to implement \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ppropriate administrative, technical, and physical measures to protect and secure the information systems and nonpublic information that are accessible to, or held by, the third-party service provider.\line \line References:\line 
1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\I\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 surance\\Minn. Stat. _ 60A.9851.pdf\line 2) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Minnesota\\Insurance\\Minn. Stat. _ 60A.9853.pdf\line \line South Dakota:\line 
\hich\f1 According to Nevada Revised Statutes \'a7\loch\f1  193B.150:\line 3. "Protected data" means:\line (a) All information technology resources that include\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
or relate to proprietary information, financial information or personal information, the unauthorized disclosure, use, modification, or destruction of which could adversely affect the national security; and\line 
(b) All information technology resources that in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
lude or relate to critical infrastructure, the unauthorized disclosure, use, modification or destruction of which could create a substantial risk of harm to the public health, safety or welfare.\line \line References:\line 1) C:\\Users\\User\\Box\\UTD\\
PhD Research\\RAG-app\\C\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rrent Cybersecurity Law\\Nevada\\Protection of Data\\Nev. Rev. Stat. _ 193B.150.pdf\line \line Illinois:\line According to Legislation code 215 ILCS 215/20:\line 
(d) If a licensee becomes aware of a cybersecurity event in a system maintained by a third-party service provider, t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e licensee shall treat the event as it would under subsection (a) unless the third-party service provider provides the notice required under subsection (a) to the Director. The computation of licensee\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s deadlines shall begin on the day after the third-par\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y service provider notifies the licensee of the cybersecurity event or the licensee otherwise has actual knowledge of the cybersecurity event, whichever is sooner.\line \line References:\line 1) Current Cybersecurity Law\\Illinois\\Insurance\\
215 ILCS 215_20.pdf\line \line States do\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
address cybersecurity incidents involving cross-border data transfers. Idaho's breach notification law applies to any entity that conducts business in the state that "experiences a breach of the security of a system containing personal information.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid2783521 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 "}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2783521 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000b0ce
2583f5ddda01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}